I don't know if it is the packing or is the shipping but the state of the helicopter was horrible when I got it. Although many reviews say that it is indestructible, from what I have seen when I opened my package it was quite the opossite.Of course I refunded immediately and said I will give the other product from the same provider a try. Amazingly this time it came perfect. It works very nice and this one I may say it is indestructible.Buy it from amazon if you fast and carefulness shipping: http://amzn.to/1l2Eiap . (this is the link for the amazing one)
my son was excited to play with this set..until it came out of the box and everything seemed backwards to him. he set it up the way he wanted and then...walked away in boredom. he likes pretend play but this set was just boring and flimsy and worthless to him.
My son had the item less than 24 hours and one of the posts on the loom broke completely off as he was taking a bracelet off.  Everything else is great, the organization of the rubber bands, all the colors, but the loom is no good anymore.
I own 3 Syma Helos and I'm a big fan.  I am disappointed in this one and will return it.  After just a few minutes of flight on each battery recharge, it will not sustain altitude.  I've made all the adjustments I can think of but can't fix the problem.  My first disapointment with this company.
There is an elderly heavyset lady at my church here in South Carolina that has played the organ every Sunday and Tuesday night for the past twenty years. She is a kind woman with  a unique spiritual perspective being faithful to the Good Book. Not because of her weight, but because of the large bright red hair she adorns her head with is the reason people have lovingly called her "Big Red."Many theorized about her hair as to whether or not it is real. You can look back at older photographs displayed throughout the community and her hairstyle has never changed. Oftentimes, it would dominate any group shots with her fellow sisters in righteousness.Last week, our church congregation wanted to show appreciation to Big Red for all of the generous devotion to her organ work by having a social (any excuse to bring lots of food, sing hymns of praise and play games.) Many people including myself brought gifts for her. She was instrumental in the pursuit of my youthful sideline career as an Interpretative Biblical Stories dancer with her ivory tickling on my travel organ.We spent many an hour late into the night refining my routines to be showcased thought the Tri-County area.With my adoration of Big Red, I had hoped that she would appreciate the simplistic, yet thoughtfulness of my "Big Red" theme.  I brought her a bootleg copy of Walt Disney's "Big Red" on VHS (I won't go into how I got that,) Big Red cinnamon gum and the McFarlane Big Red Predator action figure.After opening the movie, she went for the gum to consume whilst opening the last of my gifts to her. While sitting behind her organ and the lst of the wrapping paper came off, she beheld Big Red Predator. Her reaction was unexpected to say the least.The heat of the Big Red gum must of hit at the same time she as realized what the figure was and began to scream hysterically that the figure was "the devil himself!" The gum had to have latched  onto her dentures because she was never able to spit it out while yelling and flailing about.I have never seen so much screaming since I saw the last Twilight movie with all of the middle-aged women went berserk at Jacob taking off his shirt again (I'm Team:Edward btw.)In the fit, she knocked over several candles that lit up the organ, her dress and the church carpet like a dried up Christmas tree in July. As the rapid inferno spread everyone vacated the chapel. I caught a brief glimpse over my shoulder of the melting Predator figure on the organ. It was clear that there was some kind of evil about as Big Red saw. Big Red's dress fire was put out after everyone was accounted for in the KMart parking lot.Unlike the figure, Big Red's hair was seemingly untouched. Not even the faint scent of smoke was to be found .
Breaks constantly. Frustrating and not worth the money. Its a great idea but the metallic bands are not strong enough.
I am giving this toy 2 stars. It is cute and my sons play with it sometimes, but since it is made for the tub it should float at least a little. The boat won't float when it is empty and it definitely won't float with the little figure. I rarely see the the kids playing with it. I think they were also frustrated that it did not float.
I had to send it back to my daughter's great disappointment. It played a cd for approx. 1 song and then would just stop. The microphones were not very loud either.  I would not recommend this item. If it does work properly when you receive it, I can't imagine it would last very long because of it's poor construction.  Don't waste your money.  Get a real kareoke system and monitor your child's use, you will both enjoy that.
We put it on the wall carefully, according to the template, but it doesn't work very well. Cars get stuck or fall off. I do not recommend this toy.
Kids loved it, but it fell apart very easily.  It is now sitting apart in their toy box.  The kids played with it for awhile but lost interest quickly, even though they still love Minecraft stuff.  Just disappointed in the quality given that it fell apart. The pieces can snap back together, but still.  For the money you pay, it should have been made better.
Too hard and not kid friendly.  If this gets thrown (as kids like to play) it can cause some damage.  Maybe it should have been made with rubber and not hard plastic.  It is cute but not what I expected.  I would never buy this again.
It looks promising in the package but I really wouldn't suggest it is only way to stand is by folding is tail
Although very cute the only makeup in this kit that works is the powder eyeshadow. Everything else seems to be for show.
My 3 year old daughter LOVES everything Sofia the First. Mattel is also a well known brand in my household. I will admit though I own a toy boat by them, forget the name, but it fell apart in pieces and has been sitting in a closet ever since.When I received this I already read the poor reviews. When I started putting it together I was shocked at how small it was. Trying to get the parts to &#8216;snap&#8217; in place, wow, they either was so loose they fell out or so hard to line up they bent the top part of the castle on both sides. I built it in front of my child and was trying to show enthusiasm but it was hard.Once it was built she was ready to play and could not wait to get it hands on it. All night all I heard every few minutes from my daughter was, &#8220;It fell apart again!&#8221; I kept trying to fix it.After playing with it one evening, I placed it in her toy room. I have had it for weeks and she has only asked to play with it three times total. Each time she is not that entertained and moves on to another toy.As a fan of Sofia myself, I can&#8217;t endorse this toy. It basically just takes up space in my house right now. Not much space though since it is so small.Save yourself the headache and pick up another Sofia toy. This one is cheap and too flimsy.
I ordered the Barbie Fashion Design Plates Doll to play with my granddaughters. Their mom and I had spend many hours playing with the old Fashion Plates toy and this looked very similar with the added fun of a real Barbie and designs she could really wear!First off, this toy is VERY difficult to open. The box had to be opened on the top and the bottom and pried apart. All of the individual pieces had to cut off. Even the doll's head is anchored 5 times. It was very annoying.The doll is adorable,(which is why this toy earned 2 stars) the new Barbie style, which is important in the crazy world of trying to buy Barbie clothes that fit. She has jointed knees, the trademark silky blonde hair, a pink sparkly dress and super cute shoes. (said the 7 yr old) Her hands are molded outward which could make dressing her harder than it should be. (We've had problems with those hands on other Barbies)She is really, really lightweight, which I found odd.There are 6 double sided design plates; 2 bodices, 2 midsections, 2 skirts. They fit into a very thin, flimsy, dress form shaped frame.The idea is that you chose the three pieces of your dress and load them into the frame. Then the dress slides over the frame. Next is a dress form shaped piece of paper coated with tailor's chalk, then the top of the frame. Lastly, you rub it with a small plastic tool to transfer the chalk to the dress. That's the theory.In actuality, the dresses are hard to pull down over the form, one isn't long enough to get the bottom of the design, the shape of the chalk coated paper is JUST big enough for the frame so when you rub it, it squishes up, the chalk doesn't transfer well so the designs are poorly shown on the dresses. Even the dress forms included to insert into the dresses so you can color them are cardstock, instead of cardboard. The markers don't allow for detail work and the stickers don't stick!I was trying to relive our happy Fashion Plates memories. Instead...Remember "Rub Ons"? This toy is very similar, even down to the "pull up an edge, check it, put it down and rub some more" feature.Sorry, Barbie, this is an EPIC FAIL!
If you have a larger collection of Thomas track into which you can plug this item, it might actually be some fun.  On its own, you just lean it against a wall -- yes, it doesn't come with a stand! -- and let Thomas race down the track, knocking into and over various objects.  That might be worth two stars, if it weren't for the fact that the track isn't particularly well made and, often as not, Thomas wipes out.  We've had some fun setting up such crashes and discussing the fiery aftermath, but really, that can only be fun for so long.....As I said, this might be fun if you have lots of other stuff, but stand alone?  No, it can't.
Thought this was a little skimpy for the price.  My 5 year old liked it for a little while but some of the pieces don't stack easily so he didn't play for long.  Definitely need to integrate with other games to make more fun.
This was so disappointing.  I thought it was going to be like the other similarly sized action figures we have, but it's not.  It's a kind of stiff, hard, cheap, thin plastic doll - just like a cheap Ken doll - but shaped like Wolverine.  It's joints don't move except for the shoulders and hips (arms and legs don't bend) and it's just totally underwhelming and flimsy feeling.  The claws came off right away - you can put them back in, but they don't stay.  They are tiny, and each one comes out individually, so there is no hope of not losing them quickly.  My 4 year old didn't play with it for even 10 minutes.  This was a complete waste of money.
If your crew finds farts  funny, poop hilarious and slime absolutely marvelous then they just might love this kit.That being said, this kit is not your run of the mill science kit. It is a fairly big box but most of the inside is hollow space with a thin paperback manual and a handful of plastic accessories. Nothing in the kit is indispensable,  To list the actual contents of what you get (instead of what you don't), you have one toilet mixer, a bubble wand, a plastic jar with lid that looks like a trash can, a barf mold, a maggot mold, a centipede mold, a spoon shaped like a worm and two bubble beakers and plastic stand.  Not a chemical ingredient in sight.Now I do agree that it is nice to have a kit that uses household chemicals so that you can always replenish your stock but I have to take issue with the price of a kit that really gives you nothing you don't already have - except the very well written but very flimsy book which is not going to hold up to a lot of handling! The experiments in the kit are nothing you could not find online or in a book at the library. Usually good science kits include materials or equipment that you cannot easily find on your own. Smart lab has neither.I think that the size of the box and the illustrations are more than a little misleading and the price is exorbitant for what you actually get. This product could just as easily have been  book about Kitchen Chemistry (or something of that sort) and it would have been a bit more honest.I've had much better luck with the Ein-o Science kits also available on Amazon.
I'd probably give this doll 3 stars if it cost $10. It is seriously comparable to $10 baby dolls that I see in the toy store all the time. The current Amazon price as of this writing is $28 though, and that is ridiculous.This is your basic, plastic baby doll, made in China. It can supposedly go in the tub, but that's the only thing that sets it apart at all. It is not particularly well made. It is very limp and can't really sit up or even be propped up well. The robe is cute I guess. There's just not that much play value here for the price. It seems just a cut or two above what you would find in a dollar emporium.EDIT: Less than a week later, with a small amount of very gentle play, the seam on the side of the doll split completely open. This is a very shoddily made product. :(
I was really excited to try this Electronics and Circuitry Activity Kit with my son. The projects seemed interesting (build a flashlight! build a speaker! build a device that sees if your plants are getting enough water!) and the components and the booklet seemed of good quality and doable. We started with the first project in the book (the Continuity Tester). It didn't work. I asked my husband to take a look to see if we had made a mistake. It still didn't work. We thought maybe we got a bad component or something so we built it again using different parts from the kit. It still didn't work. Frustrated that the first and simplest project didn't work (the one that was intended to be a building block for later, more complex projects), we were ready to throw in the towel. However, to ensure a fair review, my husband and I built a different project from later in the book. Despite doing everything carefully and slowly and triple-checking everything, it didn't work. So, despite my initial high hopes and enthusiasm, I have no choice but to give the product one star. It is a real shame because if it had worked, this would have been a five star product for sure.In the interest of fairness, be sure to read other reviews. Perhaps we got a dud.
Figure itself: OK...despite using the same sculpt as the horrible black adam figure, this one comes off a little better. Not up to par with the rest of dc collectibles new 52 figures.As for Amazon. I am extremely disappointed. I am a prime member and when I ordered this it guaranteed two day shipping. I waited until the price dropped to bout $22. I ordered this on December 13,2013 along with the dc collectible pandora. She came right away. This figure showed up over 2 months later. I received two notices that they were out of stock and offering to cancel my order. My thought at this point was that I was dealing with a third party seller, who lowered the price more than they wanted to by accident and were trying to get out of it. Shazam/Captain Marvel has been on the amazon website ever since I ordered. I said to myself I can wait to get him at the price i bought him for. Now that I received him, I wanted to come on here and bash what ever seller took so long......I was shocked to find it was Amazon themselves. I have loved my prime subscription but this irritated me. When you get a product from amazon they don't send you a survey about the seller the way they do when it is a third party. BAD AMAZON. If this was a brick and mortar store this would be similar to me purchasing something and the owner putting it behind the counter and saying that he didn't have any at this time. He might even have more on the pegs. I really think Amazon should have purchased one from their third party seller and sent it to me and lost the 3 or 4 dollar difference. I AM INSULTED AND WISH THEY WOULD ASK ABOUT THEIR OWN SERVICE.
Having been a fan of Slade the Terminator/Deathstrokes since his first appearance on the 2003 animated series 'Teen Titans' on WB, this figure has been a 'must-have' to complete my collection of four Deathstrokes figures.With his recent appearance on the 'Smallville' spin-off series 'The Green Arrow,' my desire to have this figure has only been greater. In anticipation to his leading role in the new video game 'Batman: Arkham City,' I had to have this figure no matter the cost.Upon receiving this figure in the mail and getting a phone call from my mom  about it, none more than I was in a hurry to get home from my part-time job that day to open up the figure.To say I was 'disappointed' by what I beheld in my hands after opening it would be considered by most as 'an over-statement .'I really get the feeling that this is the end of the line for Mattel and they just do not give two (censored) about what they do anymore.
Doesn't have much realistic play value.  The &#34;boogers&#34; are difficult to load properly, and when pulling them out, they all seem to stick together, triggering the brain to jump out falsely.Your kid will be thrilled upon opening this as a gift, but then the letdown comes when you actually use it.  You'll play it once or twice and then never bother with it again.
My son and I were excited as we tore into the box to get to this toy. It looks cool. The concept is awesome; part gun and part racetrack... However we were soon disappointed to realize that ultimately this toy is just an over-sized laser pointer. Here is where we were let down...1. The cars are launched using the lever on the left-side of the toy. I imagine this is great for left-handed people, however for us right-handers... it's awkward (I know, I know, If your a lefty you are screaming "Welcome to my world.")2. The single car that came with the "blaster" folded up easily into a ball, but did not unfold easily at all. We even dropped it on the release button, threw it against the base board at all angles, etc. It would not pop open without help... which kind of defeats the purpose.3. We got really excited when we saw there was a place for batteries and after all this toy does have a trigger. You can imagine the let down when we realized that we wasted two double A batteries on a dim laser pointer that doesn't even make it all the way across a large room.Bottom line: My son now uses it as an oversize laser pointer in his toy room. After one or two attempts at trying to launch other spherical objects of a similar size he has given up on "Rapid fire" blasting anything out of it.
I bought this so that my son could use the Mr. Pencil on his Mini iPad. First of all, it took me forever to unlock & access the additional writing activities that come with the purchase of Mr. Pencil. For some reason the app would not recognized the eraser part of the pencil that you use to unlock the additional writing activities. I ended up having to call Leap Frog for assistance (while my son cry in the background because he cannot use his pencil) and they are useless. I was surprised that they were open on Christmas day, but soon found out why once I spoke to the customer service rep. Leap Frog outsources their calls outside the U.S. and I could barely understand the operator on the phone because of such a strong accent. The operator kept repeating the same thing, telling me to place the eraser evenly onto the circle (just as the manual says and which I had already read and tried several times before calling them). Then the operator asks me for my email address so that she could email me instructions for how to unlock the activities. I asked he what she needed to send me that she could not tell me over the phone and she repeated the same thing again. I ended up hanging up and attempting over and over until finally after about 45 minutes I was able to unlock the activities. Just as I could not unlock the activities, my son cannot get the pencil to be recognized by the app and eventually he gives up and uses his finger which is not teaching him to write. Total waste of money!
i am not one to give a bad review unless something is truly worthy of a bad one,  but this was so cheap, the structure won't hold up&#128531; so poorly made,  and for the price,  I am not happy,  nor is my daughter,  she cannot really play with it because it falls apart,  the entire toy keeps falling all apart,  every piece to the shower,  it wont stay in the holes or slots to the inside doll stand, it wont hold the dolls, she has many of the monster high play pieces, and so far,  no real complaints,  a few here and there, and yes,  its always the poor quality,  but this toy,  is by far the worst one yet,  I wont recommend this,  especially not to small children,  or any children,  im sure they all want to play with it at some point,  not just look at it,  but that is all you can do,  crappy,  poorly made,  very poorly,  falls apart,  sorry,  just being honest
The Polly Pocket Wall Party Mall on the Wall playset doesn't stay on the wall! Is this an oxymoron? I have a 5 year old daughter who plays very nicely with her toys and even she said "daddy, this is junky"! Straight from the mouth of a babe! Avoid this one.
Figure looks great but overall is a fragile overpriced piece of crap. Buy a better figure for less.  Broken before I even opened the box.
My kids were so excited to get thees as a birthday present along with the new Sophia vacation castle toy.We were very soon disappointed. 3 different people assembled 3 different toys in the order that the instructions outlined.Not one of them has stayed assembled for more than 10 minutes, tops.In less than 18 hours since they were opened and given to the kids we have had to reattach pieces more than a dozen times.The plastic parts are sturdy enough and the detailed features and accessories are adorable.But the annoyance of having of having to repeatedly assemble these items is utterly ridiculous, especially considering the price that they are asking for this $5 hunk of plastic.I'm certain they could do a far better job of engineering these toys.
The crossbow part of the gun has nonthing to do with the function of the gun and is easily knocked off
We tried these and another BOOMco gun with my son, 7, and a group of his friends. While they had a decent time running around the yard firing at each other, all of them said they vastly preferred their existing Nerf guns to these and, in fact, I found these discarded off to the side in the yard while the Nerf guns were still in use.I can't say I disagree with them. These are very small--even slightly older kids found them awkwardly little--and feel flimsy. To fire you have to first insert the dart, it holds only one in the chamber, and then pull back, hard, on the plunger on the back to fire. It's a time consuming and, to kids, frustrating process. The darts themselves are also flimsy. Hollow and thin-walled it's hard NOT to bend them when inserting them into either the chamber or the handle storage space. We have already broken one tip off in less than 30 minutes of active play and, as I was watching the whole time, I can attest no one was being especially wild or careless.The big innovation touted here is that the darts stick only to specially designed, and sold, targets, one of which is included here. Well, it kind of works, if you're the exact right distance away and firing at the exact right speed but, again, after a time two, interest was lost quite quickly. These darts also hurt if they hit you far more than Nerf. I'm not sure why, as they seem equally soft, but especially at closer range these cause quite a sting and would be dangerous should they hit an eye.All in all, just not much to recommend with so many better Nerf options out there.
Seeing the "The Avengers" movie at the dollar theather last fall was one of the more thrilling highlights the season that year.The "Thorgate 2012" from Halloween is not really something I care to ever experience again. Dressing up as Thor from a costume I purchased at WalMart* and inviting the neighborhood children over to ride the Rainbow Bridge (nighttime illuminated slip and slide) was a huge misunderstanding. One hundred hours of community service later and going around the neighborhood with a chaperone apologizing was the high point of the whole ordeal.Fortunately, I was able to save up some cash from my part-time job at Partyland and pre-order this Iron Man figure from a toy store that things their all bad and big. It was definitely a good thing since these things are so hard to find now.The best day of my week was when this figure arrived. After two hours of getting it out of the package, I wanted to show it off, but my grandpa was asleep again on the couch on the front porch of our house. Having an instantgram account, I wanted to take some pictures of the Iron Man figure and share them with some of my (hashtag) followers.It was easy figuring out what would make a cool Iron Man flying picture to post. Grabbing some of my grandpa's fishing line, coat hanger and scotch tape, I rigged up quite the action pose that would be viewed from on high. Our only ladder broke when grandma fell off of it trying to put the inflatable Grinch riding a motorcycle on our roof for Christmas a few years back, I have to climb on the parked camper truck (it never moves) in our front yard to  get on the roof.While on the roof of the camper and about to get on the roof with my Iron Man figure, I stepped directly into some cat "residue" (the cats usually hang out on the camper) causing me to slip and fall onto the ground onto the Iron Man figure.Although, I was not hurt much from the fall other than having the wind knocked out of me and soiling my drawers, the Iron Man figure suffered a far worse fate as it shattered from the weight of my body landing onto it.Grandpa never woke up while this all transpired nor did I get my cool action shot of Iron Man. Not that it would of helped since I forgot to bring the camera phone with me on the little endeavor.
I bought this thinking it was useful by itself.  Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see anything that requires an Iphone written anywhere in the description.  You can't use this by itself and have to hand over your iphone to whatever toddler wants to use it.  Total waste!  it uses your camera phone...silly design and useless toy
I gave this to one of my nieces who loves Elmo. At first my niece loved it but this toy couldn't keep her attention for long. It is made from a material that can attract dust and because it's not washable, the sneezing Elmo can soon become a germ spreader. Also, as others mentioned that the battery is not replaceable, its voice didn't last long after about two months of use.At its current price ~$22 (list price $35), I don't think this toy is a good value.
My 6 year-old daughter owns about a dozen Mini Lalaloopsy dolls as well as the Lalaloopsy Treehouse, and loves them, so she was super excited to get this Fun House playset to add to her collection. Unfortunately, her excitement was very short-lived, as this set is so poorly designed as to be nearly useless. The various pieces of the playset do not stay together, it's virtually impossible to fit the mini dolls into the seatbelt of the roller coaster car, and even when we do manage to get one in, the car itself simply will not stay on the track. The red slide for our playset actually arrived broken - or else we broke it while taking it out of the extremely hard-to-open packaging - so it doesn't stay attached to the base and wobbles around if we try to put the mini dolls down the slide. The swings and zip line are also difficult to use and cause the rest of the playset to fall apart, so they're not much fun either.My daughter is an extremely patient child, but after about ten minutes of trying to play with the fun house, she asked me, "Mom, can we put this away in the basement?" and has not asked for it since. She did keep Misty Mysterious and some of the tiny accessory pieces to play with, but otherwise, I consider this toy a complete loss and very disappointing.
We bought this back pack and a pink colored MLP backpack that was a little different at an anime store in a mall in Honolulu.  One twin took the pink one because the picture on the vinyl part showed each of the ponies, this purple one does not.  So, the other twin got this one but was still elated to have this backpack.  Within weeks of using it daily for school, mind you first grade only, so we are NOT talking BOOKS, we are talking just SNOW PANTS, and the canvas parts at the bottom and around the zippered sides/top began to wear through and get really thin.  I don't mean rip or tear, I mean get thin, the threads ever started just parting and migrating away from each other. Of course the mesh side pockets tore too, but that makes more sense, what happened to the fabric was awful and should not have happened and affects the integrity of the bag.  One might think, well it is getting used daily, but we had this other pink MLP backpack that was a slightly different style that saw the same number of days of use and was not wearing at all like this one.  The back was fine, the straps were fine, and the vinyl front part was fine, the zippers were fine, it was the canvas bottom and sides and top that wore away.  I am giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because my daughter loved it so much and I do have to admit she is harder on things than her twin sister, but not that much harder that this should have happened, and the 2 stars is also because it has a nice large capacity and the side mesh pockets are nice to put the water bottles in that they bring to school, the capacity and side water bottle pockets are the reason that we bought this backpack in the first place, so good styling/design.  I will try to post a picture of the fabric failure on this purple one and I will try to post a picture of the pink one bought at the same time and used the same amount that did not fail.
I have a 7 year old son who is no lightweight. He loves to put together legos and crash monster trucks. He ripped open this box and immediately started putting together this set himself. With just a little help and some sticker placement guidance, he had the whole thing complete in about 15 minutes.He was so excited to crash the trucks. He used the one included but couldn't get it launched with enough power to hit the monster. Then, he tried a couple more times with other trucks with no success. He had a friend over who, in the 30 times they smacked the darn lever, only made hit the monster hard enough to pop him apart once. ONE TIME! What's the fun in that? Even his father and I tried with little success.I like the idea of the set. I like that you can add on more tracks. But the fact that you can't get it to launch far enough to do what it is supposed to makes me sad for my kid.
Man was I excited to order this thing. The pictures and product information on its page made it look very cool. Unfortunately, while theNerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blasteris intended to be a heavy-duty sniper rifle toy, what it ends up being is a giant pain-in-the-neck that doesn't work right. Frankly, I am baffled how this thing made it past quality control.As I show in the video, it does fire up to 100 feet (given good wind, and angling it up at LEAST 15 degrees, 45 or more if you really want it to go for distance) -- but that is about where the fun stops.The basic problem is that it is nearly impossible to get it to load from the clip. My brother was able to do it a couple of times after carefully positioning the clip in the unit, and cocking the toy at a certain angle. I was never able to get it to load from the clip. I always had to manually load it. (Which I show how to do in the video -- you basically just slide a dart into the cocking mechanism tube inside the unit after pulling down on the loading bolt a bit).  The cocking mechanism isn't firmly aligned into place, and there isn't enough give/forgiveness at the "mouth" of the loading tube to continue to load a dart, if the tube catches any part of the edge of the dart. A rounded/sloped/beveled edge instead of a straight/90 degree sharp angled tube mouth would have been a much better design.So, yeah, the toy hardly works at all. You CAN get it to load (although I am sure loading it manually like I was doing isn't very advisable, and will cause it to break even more eventually), and you can get it to fire (at least the one I got, anyway), but like any Nerf toy gun, this thing isn't very accurate at range, and with the slow rate of fire, no kid is going to want to get stuck with this toy gun when they play with their group, they'd be a sitting target.I can see the vision Nerf was going for with this one, and they almost made it, but those little details ended up biting them in the end. I can't rate a toy that isn't fun to play with, is hard/impossible to use for a kid, and more or less arrives broken, with anything other than 1 star. Sorry, Nerf, maybe next time.1 star.
EDIT (Moved from below):EDITED: After several weeks of daily use (what can I say, it's been fun), I am starting to see a major reliability issue with the CS-18. Something is loose--not sure if it's electrical or mechanical in the safety mechanisms for making sure the system does not fire when unloaded. Either way, it's not a good thing to pull the trigger and have nothing happen.I'm convinced at this point there is a design flaw. I'm leaving up my original review, because I had fun writing it--but I would NOT recommend the CS-18 unless NERF addresses the very real issue of a kid's toy not being able to work longer than about 6 weeks.Original Review follows:The N-Strike Elite Rapidstrike CS-18 Blaster is the latest entry from NERF Arms for the battle against Nerf-Allergic-Aleiens. While it is true that no such aliens have attacked us (yet) nor has their home planet been found (yet), I do appreciate the long running efforts to provide blasters for the battle. After all, hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, and if we leave defense planning in the hands of the pool noodle advocates, that's where we'll be.The CS-18 has several developments that will prove useful in the coming battles with the NAAs. First, there is the high-capacity 18 round clips. This serves useful, as the best guess is that NAAs will travel in groups of 6, and 3 groups make up an attack squad. The 18 round clip that is included is see-through, though that sword cuts both ways: you can see how many rounds remain, but so can the NAA. It will help battlefield commanders to verify their warriors go onto the plains of battle fully loaded.Second, the rapid fire development is improved over other models. Fully automatic fire from the CS-18 will help with the speedy onslaught of the alien menace.Third, the collapsing stock allows for concealment as well as an adjustment to fit both the "Ooh, This is Awesome" Battalion of NAA fighters as well as the "Dad, you're being a nerd" Battalion. This latter battalion comes through when it counts, though. The carry handle makes transport easy.Fourth, surprisingly, the needed 4 C batteries do not disrupt the balance of the CS-18. The power module fits into the shape of the blaster in one of the natural grip positions, forward of the clip. This requires most entry-level warriors to keep both hands on the blaster, but his will stabilize aim in combat. Those NAAs are coming, and we must ready.The stability of aim is one of the reasons that the CS-18 will need to be augmented with other entries from NERF Arms, and I hope that they will continue to develop this area. While centering the target reticle on a location is generally going to cause one of the 18 rounds to hit it, the overall accuracy of a straight piece of foam, propelled straight out of a short barrel, with a rubberized tip, is exactly what anyone with a clue about ballistics would expect.That is not to say that the attacking hordes of NAAs will not be held back--rather just to warn the user that the CS-18 is more effective against group formations at range--than it is against a single target. Especially if that target is somewhat shielded. This is not quite the area-suppression blaster that the HailFire system is, but also not a pinpoint accuracy device.Another drawback is that, while current intelligence shows that NAAs cannot hear the high-pitched fan of the acceleration module, eventually the NAAs will be able to hear that high-pitched sound and the element of surprise will be lost. To see the results of this, simply attempt to use the CS-18 in a training scenario when the Mother of the Battalions has decreed it "Calm time" and you will recognize that the noise can be disruptive.The tactical rail allows the addition of accessories, though I found adding a laser sight and flashlight made the CS-18 a bit unwieldy. That was also a greater investment than was appropriate in the face of potential user errors.Eventually, one expects the spring in the detachable clip to wear out and the whole unit to need replaced--but those are available through the primary suppliers, including here at Jungle-Com, and include additional ammunition with the clip.In all? I recommend this as a primary infantry blaster for the coming war with the NAAs. The larger weapons, such as the Rampage or Hailfire, should be distributed among the battalions as appropriate, but each individual warrior should be equipped with a CS-18. (and a pocket back-up blaster, but that's another discussion.)EDITED: After several weeks of daily use (what can I say, it's been fun), I am starting to see a major reliability issue with the CS-18. Something is loose--not sure if it's electrical or mechanical in the safety mechanisms for making sure the system does not fire when unloaded. Either way, it's not a good thing to pull the trigger and have nothing happen.
These Larger Size Blocks are a Nice Size But LACKING QUALITY CONTROL. The Paint is Missing on A lot of the blocks & they are giving off a Bad Chemical Smell on top of that. I Would Not Let Kids Play with these right away, AIR THEM OUT FIRST. I Bought these for my photography with kids and hoped to add another two sets to my Prop box But I Will Not Be Buying Any More. I hope I didn't just waste my money, these are made in China too. I Hope this feedback Helps. Truly Gerard
Just got this for my 3 year old, what a disappointment!The main feature of the product is to be DOODLE mat and too bad you can't see any of the markers on the mat.The package is SO deceiving it's just so disapppointing.The mat is a nice size so it's too bad the product doesn't work.Choose another mat...
BROUGHT IT TO MY OFFICE FOR KIDS TOPLAY WITH IN THERAPY.  KIDS DID NOT LIKE IT.  IT HAS A PART THAT IS SUPPOSED TO SLING THE DOUGH AND IT IS PRETTY LAME.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TOY.
this doll can be had for $12.99 plus tax in stores.  Mattel should give this particular doll the overproduction treatment and put this high price after market monster high boy stuff to bed. I give mattel 1 STAR NOT THE DOLL.
Ever since more inexpensive R/C cars appeared, back around the 1980's, I've always wanted to try one. But it was never a big enough interest for me to actually lay down the money to get one. Well now I finally have one, and frankly it is quite a disappointment.When I first tried this car out, it was so feeble that I was sure the included batteries were almost dead. So I bought new batteries, but it still has no power. You'd think a car with rugged SUV looks and huge knobby tires could go through some rough terrain, right? Wrong. Obviously a $50 toy won't drive through a wheat field or a cattail swamp, but I had envisioned it chasing my dog around the mowed lawn. Not even close. It gets hung up on a tuft of grass growing through a crack in the sidewalk. It does not even have enough power to go uphill on the slightly inclined but very smooth asphalt paved parking pad in front of my house.From a mechanical point of view, I expected this car to have a high-revving DC motor driving the wheels through a worm gear or other high reduction gear arrangement. Instead it appears to be more or less direct drive, and rolls freely on any slight hill if neither forward or reverse is commanded. There is no "engine braking" effect. In light of that, it is not surprising to me now that the power is so lacking. Where other reviewers comment on slow top speed, I myself would give up a bit of speed for some "off-road" capability.The battery compartments are held shut by screws, making battery changes a pain. The construction looks pretty cheapo, but I will admit the car has bounced off table legs a few times now without any damage.This is a fun car for kids... provided their friends don't all have something better. It is fun indoors or on a perfectly flat paved parking lot. And maybe my expectations were just unrealistic; I never had any other R/C car to compare it with. But I certainly would not buy another one.
All my life, I've been a dinosaur freak! I have purchased any manner of dinosaur related product, both for myself and as gifts. When I was offered this set of twelve jumbo dinosaurs, the kid in me simply had to have them (I won't bore you with details about my toy collection)! Despite my passion for the subject, however, I am also a firm believer in the concept of truth in advertising. And while this is a perfectly acceptable set of creatures, it does not live up to the billing.Cons:1) These were labeled as Jumbo and, in no way, could you construe this set as oversized. At best, the average creature falls into a 3" by 4" range. They are not tiny, but certainly not jumbo.2) The set of twelve includes four duplicates. This wouldn't bother me if they were the same dinosaur in a different pose, but they are exact replicas. In essence, therefore, you've got eight different dinosaurs as opposed to the listed twelve. They claim at least 11 dinosaurs may be included in the assortment (or as few as 6). If 11 different models are made, why not have each represented in a package?3) The packaging leaves a lot to be desired. The toys are just placed into an unremarkable plastic bag without even a proper label. If you are looking for gift quality toys, this would fall short of my expectations.Truthfully, though, none of these things is a real deal-breaker for me. I just don't like advertising that doesn't truly represent the product and I believe the listing should be amended. I did like the eight different dinosaurs provided. They were made from a good and detailed mold and are solidly constructed. Despite each having the same goofy grin, they were nice representations.Pros:1) Primarily, there is very good detail in the molding.Were it not for the variance in description versus actual product, I would have ranked this more highly. As is, though, these eight dinosaurs are nice but not accurately represented by the product listing. KGHarris, 4/14.Note: I was offered a sample of this product in which to provide an honest review.
These earrings are literally made with the quality that I would expect from a quarter machine. The stems easily snap off, the metal VERY poor quality.I seriously suggest NOT purchasing these.
We have other water based marker products that work wonderfully. We thought this would be the same but with a larger surface. Simple enough. For whatever reason markers are too faint. I cannot recommend the product. More frustrating than fun until that is fixed.
I can only describe my feelings about the Doodle Magic Lap Desk as disappointed.I received this item through Amazon Vine, and had I paid for it, I would replace "disappointed" with "angry."  The concept is a home run, but the execution is a total failure.  The main issue revolves around the markers.  The fumes are noxious, and while I'm speaking figuratively, I have concerns that they may literally be dangerous as well, which results in my child not getting to use them.  When we first got it, and before I realized how terrible they smell, my wife and I noticed that the markers also seemed faded.  The bright, cheery colors on the box's example in no way match our product's capabilities.I love the idea of this product, and we thought it would be a delight for traveling, but, unfortunately, the markers rendered it unusable.
the kids liked it enough. I how ever did not. Although I might soak my own feet in it. The little balls just end up making a mess. The kids played with it twice. no it just sits.
Don't last long
I don't really recommend this game. The game says for 2 to 4 players but, was boring with just 2 players. The fast pace of the game lead to the cardboard pieces getting bent; so they don't lay flat anymore and it make them hard to shuffle. I'll stick to old fashion Yahtzee!
UPDATE:  March 10 2013LeapFrog has issued a software update for the Leap Frog connect software.  (This software is loaded onto your PC and is for interfacing with the LeapPad 2...downloading apps and so forth)After the upgrade, the software tries to "Tune Up" the device.  What it does is CRASH to Leap Pad 2 device; it locks up on the Tune Ups screen and the child cannot use the device at all.  Multiple attempts and reboots do not fix the problem.  The company takes a while to get ck with emails and they are not that helpful.  Given the money that the device costs and the extremely high cost of the simple apps, I'm very, very disappointed with this company and their products.Original Review:We bought this for our six year old boy and he really loves it so far.  It's hard to tell how durable this is going to be.  Sound quality is decent.Technical comments:Video display... well it's not retina, let's put it that way.  It's about one tenth the resolution of an ipad, but decent enough for kids. And it's not a capacitative touch screen.  It's resistive.  They are cheaper than capacitative and don't work as work as well.  But again...adequate for kids.  It does function adequately, especially when used with the stylus.Unlike the Vtech product , this does not come with the capability of playing your own mp3 songs.  You have to buy their app ($5)...And it's EXTREMELY basic... cannot play or view by album or artist.  Just a big jumble of songs alphabetically by song title.  Not even icons or album art to help kids identify the music if they cannot read well.  Simply put,  it sucks.My big gripe is that they preload this with relatively little software/ apps.  And to purchase them is incredibly expensive.  The cheapest app you'll find is $5...and there are just a few.  Some are $10.  A LOT are $25!!! For kids games?  The most sophisticated adult games on mobile devices are not even half that cost.  Holy cow!  That's just ridiculous!  Hard to feel good about this whole platform when it's obviously just preying off generous parents.  I would seriously consider getting an inexpensive android 7" tablet and getting free or cheaper apps.  But its likely that most of those apps would not be quite as child friendly.  Also we wanted to make sure there was no wifi on a six year old's device.  So...a compromise.  We'll let him buy apps with his allowance money if he wants.
We have only tried to put this up a few times it will not stand up on its own I am not very pleased with this at all and it is almost impossible to put back in the bag
Instead of doing one thing well this toy does two things very poorly. It doesn't quite lock into place when you change from the dirt track to the stadium, and will flip over on you. My son also tends to have cars get jammed in the spin shooter, you have to get it spinning then put a car in. I have a hard time myself mastering the correct way to do this. I bought this in the store on a whim (my son already had and loved his drifter cars), thinking the $30 price tag was a bit high but it would be a fun toy for a long time, I was definitely wrong. Save your money and buy one of the smaller ramps. It's been less than a week and I'm tempted to throw it away (If we hadn't of thrown away the box, I'd try returning it)
We gave this to my two year old for Christmas.  We figured that the combo of Elmo and a train would be great.  She likes it, but I was wrong, this combo is anything but great.  The train "track" is not really a track that the train rolls easily on, nor does the train stay on it.  The back of the train easily separates from the engine constantly.  It causes my 2 year old a lot of grief and me to become very annoyed.  It is not worth the price of this toy and I wouldn't buy it again.
We are big fan of TTR, and if you look you'll see I rarely write negative reviews.  And, as you can tell from the other reviews a lot of people still really like this one in spite of what I'm about to say (and by no means do I mean no disrespect to my fellow reviewers who liked the game).  I will note that we always play with two player and we used the dummy player as suggested with this version (so, it is quite possible that it is better with more players).  But, there were enough things that I did not like about it that I though they were worth mentioning, especially since I'm sure others will play it as a two-player game as well.1. The bonus for having most coins left at the end of the game seems way out of whack. A single coin could be worth 35 points in a two player game, which was enough to sway most game (and in one case turned what would have been a fun win into a less fun slaughter).2. Only about once per game is it necessary for either of us to pay the other person for the second route claimed. I did chose to go around one time as well so I wouldn't have to pay. Together, this rule changed game play very little which didn't seem like a great mechanic to me.3. If you take a loan you can't get the 35 point bonus card.  So, since you cannot pass you will often be forced to either do something you don't want to do or try to stall longer than the other player until they are forced to do something they don't want to do.4. This is a minor point, but the font on the board is hard to read, especially since it is used to spell cities from a part of the world that will not familiar to some people.I guess my main point is you should at least think twice before getting this one if you'll mostly be playing a two-player game.  I highly recommend the India and Switzerland expansion for two players.  It costs a bit more, but you get two maps, two sets of destination tickets, and some fun new mechanics that work very well.  (NOTE:  You need a copy of the base game to play all of the map packs, they are not stand alone games. Just FYI.)
Figured 50% chance the little chopper would be delivered broken, so I ordered two. One would immediately get it's blades tangled, while the other worked perfectly about a dozen times until a minor crash ruined it's stability so that it looked like it was caught in a whirlpool (constantly circling).  So this toy is fun for a minute if you get lucky.  I suppose you could order a sackfull and plan to send the duds back.
First, please know that I have been raising children for 26 years. I do believe we have owned almost every single toy there is to be had. When you think "Little Tikes", you think of durable and long lasting construction.  This product, Little Tikes Big Adventures Action Fliers, does not even come close to living up to their standards or mine.  My 13 year old had this assembled in little time. It does not take a rocket scientist to assemble it or a lot of time. However, let's talk about flimsy construction.  If you are planning on letting a toddler play with this, don't let them lean on it because it is going over.  My toy tester is a few months shy of being 4 years old. He loved to watch the plane take off down the ramp and that was about it as far as fun goes. From a parents persepective, this is not worth the money or the space it takes up for what it does. Sad to give anything Little Tikes this poor of a review, but I hate wasted money on what could have been a great toy.
Inconsistent in size, sticky feeling and hard to work with.  Spend a little extra and get the authentic rainbow loom glitter bands!
This is no fault of the seller as they do not know and do not make the product.  None of these work.  In addition to these, we have others and they don't work either. I have spoke to other people and fans of Angry Birds GO who have bought these from Amazon and/or other stores and they either don't work or stop working.  If you just want to use them on a track, then buy.  But if you want to use them on your IPad or other tablet...buyer beware!
We live in a world where every child receives a ribbon for finishing the race; where everybody is a winner; where everyone gets an award.Zobmondo took that philosophy and applied it to the classic game of charades, "an acting game in which one player acts out a word or phrase, often by miming similar-sounding words, and the other players guess the word or phrase." (Thank you, Wikipedia.)Don't Make Me Laughdispenses with the silent approach in favor of announcing what is about to be acted out, so the other players can vote/judge which player provided the best performance. But there are so many award categories, including Best Performance, Silliest, Bravest, Most Creative, Most Daring, Funniest, etc., that every player is assured to "win" something.I have two sons, ages 11 and soon-to-be 10, who are as comfortable with improvisation as they are with humor.Don't Make Me Laughseemed like a perfect fit, however that wasn't the case at all. The game was far too simple for their age. The box states the game is intended for ages 5 and up. I submit that the high end of that audience is age 7-8. My sons like charades and part of the reason they enjoy it is that they are developing the words and phrases that we act out. With "Don't Make Me Laugh" the creative aspect of the game is replaced with printed cards that provide three types of acting: All Play, Partner Play and Solo Act. These are self-explanatory and provide far less intrigue than you would imagine.In summary, "Don't Make Me Laugh" offers 100 Don't Make Me Laugh Improv Cards, 17 Award Title Cards, 1 Clown Nose (don't ask), 5 Cloth Goodie Bags, 55 Award Tokens, and 15 Jelly Bands for $24.99. I don't recommend it for children ages 10 and up. While I understand why it would appeal to younger children, I suggest your $25 would be better spent on lemonade, popcorn and the paper and pencils necessary to write your own cards for charades.Rating: Two stars.On a side note, I recently saw a Tumblr post that showed a table and four chairs with the heading "My favorite game console." Our family likes board games very much and we play them often, especially on our "Friday Family Fun Nights." That is why I wouldn't give "Don't Make Me Laugh" a one-star review. I hope Zobmondo forgoes its "everybody wins" philosophy with their next family board game. Kids can have fun without everyone receiving a ribbon or an award.
i have a special needs child that still plays with toys although she is 13. this toy was right up her alley because she LOVES polly pocket. she found it easy to take out of the box and set up BUT then she proceeded to lose every single part. it's a cute set. It's durable. it just wound up not being played with because of small parts. it also had a LOT of packaging for what it actually was.
This is overpriced. This is a huge trend in the market overall. Things that should cost much less are being extremely overpriced. People, strangely, are paying for it too. This is not a bad product. The markets and case and all are fine. My niece loved it and used it, adding it to her collection of creative supplies. There is no reason this should cost $29.99. This should be $10 at most. Can you imagine working a minimum wage job for almost 4 hours just to pay for this? Thats nuts. These products cost barely nothing to manufacture and the profit margin must be huge. For my money I'd rather buy my child something like the Reeves Assorted 12-Milliliter Watercolor Paint, 18-Pack which is less than 1/2 the price and will last way longer. The RoseArt SuperTip Washable Markers, 100 Assorted Colors for $15.99 here on Amazon is a better deal too. figure out what exactly your child wants and then spend the money on that. Dont be fooled into spending more for less. Coloring pages, bags, all make you think you are getting more but this set has 12 rainbow markers. Unless you child loves to use the activity book I'd stay away from this. Even if they do like to fill out activity books this one is only $7.95: Disney Minnie Mouse Coloring and Activity Book Set (2 Books ~ 96 pgs each). With the RoseArt SuperTip Washable Markers, 100 Assorted Colors for $15.99 here on Amazon you will still be spending less.If we all refused to buy overpriced stuff the prices would fall. They'd fall like a rock back to where they should be. I bet at $9 this product would still yield a profit for those selling it.
dont buy this or if u do, realize it will b really small for such a price that is Way too much for this toy
I get it, licensing sells.  Still, with the bright colors and unconventional shape of Knex pieces, this doesn't look like a  Super Mario Ghosr house, or a typical haunted house, or any kind of building.  It looks like a crazy jungle gym.  The whole point of Knex is to be creative and to use the pieces, and your imagination, to create something NEW.  Mixing in licensed items into an arty-creative toy is already tricky, and this one isn't faithful to the base material so... what's the point?  You're doing a disservice to the license and the product.It does function as a decent playhouse or playset for 3"-ish figures, and is designed similar to the layout of a Super Mario 3D Land level.  There are platforms that move (manually, not on their own or with any gears), there are coins to collect (ugly coins that often fall off on their own), the moving 'staircase' type platforms work fairly well for a playset, most of the assemblies are fairly tough and don't come apart unintentionally, but there are also several areas comprised of mini-Knex, including a carwash type hanging curtain that a ghost toy pushes into.  The mini-Knex come apart very easily, so I don't understand why they are used in an area that is PUSHED against.  As such, the curtain is constantly popping off.  Some ghosts spin on a system of gears as you move through the playset.  The gears are stiff and unreliable.  There is a large heavy ghost that spins down a curving rod.  Works great, until you go to reset it and pull the whole assembly off as there isn't anything actually attaching it to the playset (it just rests in a hole).  Then there is a catapult system to launch Mario onto a flagpole base, to finish the 'level'.  The flagpole assembly is pretty cool, and the flag actually rises when you nail it.  That said, its very hard to make the shot.  The catapult only launches Mario 6" or so, so the catapult must be placed right next to the flagpole case, and even then Mario usually splits in half and both ends of the toy fly off in different directions.I'm recommend just buying a generic set of Knex and letting your child use their own creativity to build a variety of items, instead of shoehorning this oddball license into an ugly, dysfunctional playset.PROS- Very nice build quality.  Nothing feels like it would break, even after long-term use.- Mario specific toy and Ghosts are VERY nice quality.  Could be nice collector figurines if they plug the Knex specific holes.- Large variety of pieces- Cool theme?CONS- Doesn't look like a Mario level or a cohesive Knex environment.- Many features just don't work very well- Corners cut in construction makes for a semi-rickity playset.
I guess I did not read this right when I first looked at it-I assumed it was a case for ALL small cars-I was in error. This is just for Micro Drifters cars. I was hoping it would fit my sons Mattel and other small cars he had. They should have made the product more commercial so other cars could fit. Just another toy that you have to buy the Disney/Pixar cars for.My son did not like this carrying case at all.Thumbs down!
It is sad that Disney/Pixar would put out such an inferior product for their young fans of Cars. My three year old grandson loves Cars and Lightening McQueen and it was sad to see his disappointment in this toy. He was so excited to get this and then increasingly frustrated as grandma tries to wade through poorly written instructions. Finally his dad took over and even then it took about a half hour to put it together.Was it worth the frustration? In a word, no. There is only one car included but the track is designed for two. So right away you know you aren't going to get your money's worth. The structure is very flimsy and you know it will not last long. You have to crank the cars to make them go. This too was frustrating for a 3 year old. The car didn't go long before it had to cranked again. The stunts don't always work and you hold your breath that it will do the them.Overall, I would not recommend this product. It's not well made, well constructed or delivered in a satisfactory manner. If I had paid for this, I would have returned it. It was a major disappointment to a little boy who loves the Cars franchise. Truly it made me wonder how much Disney/Pixar cares for its fans.
So my kids like the iPad games like "Where's My Water?"  It's a great puzzle game on the iPad, but the transition to 3D gameboard leaves a lot to be desired.UNBOXING:The board, the base/tub, AND a whole lot of pieces (pegs, balls, cards, obstacles, etc)!REVIEW:As most reviewers have indicated, this game is a beastly thing to put together.  Every piece that you see in the pictures needs to be attached to the gameboard.  Think of a pegboard in your toolshed.  Now imagine if you got a whole bunch of tools that needed to be hung on your pegboard at the same time.  Yep, that's about how much fun it is to put the gameboard together.Everything for the most part holds tight the FIRST time you use it.  However, to put the game back in the box, you must dis-assemble most of it.  The subsequent times you re-attach everything, of course the pieces are looser.The game itself is pretty simple: pull a card, release a marble, see if it gets to Swampy's tub.  Very easy to learn--the game is best played by my 6 and 8 year old.  My younger ones knock a lot of pegs out if they bump the board the wrong way.OVERALL:I can't say I recommend this game.  The online version's a blast.  What did Disney do here?  Well, they capitalized on the computer game and authorized a poor representation in board game form.  You can't go wrong with Plinko... unless it's this game.  I do not recommend this game, except for maybe diehard "Where's my Water?" collectors.
These are adorable, and my daughter is thirteen and all about mustache parties, but seventy-two bucks for twelve rubber bracelets? You gotta be outta your mind to pay that price!
These new style batteries have serious production problems.  Most fail within 3 cycles.  Others have the plug so misaligned that they cannot be inserted into the helicopter.  So far, I've purchased 9 replacement batteries in less than 1 month.  No more.  I'm done.
My sons are huge Thomas fans, but neither of them cared much for this toy.  My oldest son got the most enjoyment from this toy when he put a banana in the shark's mouth, pulled its tail, and made the shark "eat" the banana. It was pretty funny.It's a gimmicky toy that uses the "Thomas and Friends" brand to be appealing.  It comes with a miniature Thomas train (probably the best feature of the product - my boys do still play with the Thomas train after several months).  It's advertised as being portable, but when it's folded up, it's not much smaller than it is when it's full size.  The portability was an appealing feature when I read about it, but the reality is that it's not very portable.  It's definitely not "Take N Play" as advertised.  It's durability is mediocre, at best.  The track is made with flimsy plastic.Overall, I was not impressed.
This was purchased for my son as a birthday gift and within 48 hours was already broken.The darts are very poor quality, they break very easy and the rubber tip if you get hit with one is actually painful.I wouldn't purchase this again.
I never return things, but I returned this trunk.  It was TINY, flimsy and a piece of junk for what I was charged.  I was charged $40 and when it arrived there was a price tag on it for $16.99.  I was furious!  That STILL would have been too much to pay!  It's made out of flimsy cardboard.  It would not have held up.  It's worth $10 at most!  Not a good product for the expensive price tag!
Seriously, don't bother. The app is great and we all love 'Where's My Water?' but this 3D version falls very flat. It's set up like a plinko game so it should be cool. Everyone loves plinko. Unfortunately, in real life, that means lots of teeny tiny pieces that have to be moved around so you can set up the board to resemble the cards for each game. Every time you move said teeny tiny pieces, the board tries to fall over. Why is that you ask? It's because the back brace is cardboard. A not-so-sturdy piece of cardboard. Every time you take the game apart to put it away, that not-so-study cardboard piece gets a little bit more not-so-sturdy. Plus, after you've carefully set up the game board, you have to be extra careful to not knock it over. Trust me, if you don't, down it all goes. Heck, if you look at it funny, it's gonna collapse. At least Swampy and Perry the Platypus are cute, plus there's marbles and marbles are cool. Seriously, save your dollars and save yourself the frustration of aggravated parents and a crying child. Trust me.
The 'Disney/Pixar Cars Stunt Racers Double Decker Speedway' is a disappointment at best. Delivery was quick and packaging was good. However, it's all downhill from there. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out how to put it together but it isn't anywhere near 'easy'. In fact, the provided instructions are dismal.Being all of 5 years old my grand-daughter is of immense help in deciding the value of toys and she was anticipating some fun with this toy as it is colorful and she really liked the movies. However, as another viewer pointed out, the car completing the upper race circuit is at best chancy and it's not particularly easy for a child to wind it up to the necessary speed. Perhaps, though, frustration is part of the package as my helper became determined to complete the upper circuit. Completing the bottom circuit is a given but after a few times interest is lost.I didn't find the toy flimsy and think it rather sturdy once assembled. All said, it's of 'minimal interest', though, and will be forgotten in short order.
It scares my son and he won't play with it. Yes, he wanted it but once he got it he hated it. I guess zombies just don't make good plush.
To start, this item is labeled for ages 8+.  Follow that suggestion - it's too complicated to assemble for younger kids.As a Super Mario themed building set, it's not bad.  Pieces generally assemble correctly and reasonably sturdily. There is certainly some learning value in the building process.  There is some looming anticipation of the pending Super Mario playtime results.But then on completion, as a play toy, it seems to disappoint. Although too complicated to properly assemble for younger kids, it fails to hold attention in the older ones. And although reasonably rugged, the design and quality control result in herky-jerky crude operating mechanisms, and a constant rattle of plastic pieces bouncing off the floor (after they have fallen or been knocked off).Another drawback . . . . Many of the latest generation of playhouse type toys can fold up and provide a sort of carrying case for the associated action figures and sub-parts.  Not this one.  It's a floor space eater -- doomed to loss of interest in a day or two and then a subsequent scattering and loss of pieces, likely to never be reassembled again.A kid's enthusiasm for the electronic Super Mario game does not necessarily translate into similar fun time with this toy.  It didn't for my grandsons.  I cannot really recommend this set and certainly not at the prevailing price.
i obviously did not pay enough attention to size before i purchased this product.  this toy is far too expensive.  not at all worth the $25 i paid for it.  spend your cash on something else.
This doll does not look anything like Ken from the Life in the Dreamhouse series.  I got my daughter all the characters to go with her new dreamhouse.  The other ones looked just like their characters from the show (especially Raquelle) but Ken looks nothing like this doll.  The Ken on the show has a fuller face and his hair looks a lot different. The doll itself is made well, I just wish they had taken the time to make sure he looked like the character.
This Barbie doll is a seven-year-old's dream. It's a ballerina. It's a butterfly. It's pink. It's glittery. It's very, very, very glittery. That's beautiful in a box, not so much in a kid's room, or on her little brother, or on the cat, or in her hair. And while it provided a big bang out of the box, my daughter hasn't touched it since because it's just not very playable.From the front, the Mariposa Fairy Princess doll is very pretty. But the side and rear view are less than pleasant because Barbie has a HUGE contraption built into her back to hold her fairy wings. A little knob on her back can be hand-cranked to turn down her wings, which fold over her legs to create a gown. It's kind of clever, but only for a few minutes. The wings don't flutter, they don't unfurl slowly and beautifully. Instead, they are covered in glitter which comes off pretty easily and is rather a mess. My daughter got hung up on her hair, which looks short in the product description and on the package, but is really just standard length Barbie hair caught up in a ponytail.This Barbie doll is just too much feature and not enough fun.
My daughter LOVES Minnie Mouse, but this was a disappointment.  The tote bag isn't really a tote bag at all-it holds the markers with some elastic strips that only fit the cheap markers it comes with.  The book itself is really just a coloring/word search type book-there are no stickers, punch outs, etc.  And the book doesn't really fit in the small pocket in the tote.  You can squeeze it in, but my daughter wasn't strong enough to push it in there.  The markers it comes with are cheap and NOT washable! Overall, I would say $30 is OUTRAGEOUS for this! It's just a few inexpensive markers and a coloring book!
Okay we have the original one which states it will hold numerous dolls, in all reality what are they trying to pull.  This case will possible hold 3 dolls if it holds 8 you will have to cram them in there and you won't care if there hair gets messed up or not.  Just saying its small.  cute if you are giving 1 or 2 monster high dolls as a gift  with it.  would be cute but other than that not worth it.
This isn't really a &#34;game&#34; in the sense in which the word is typically understood.  It is almost completely non-competitive and there is no strategy involved.  It is really just an opportunity to get the family or any other group of people together to laugh at each other and themselves.  If that's your thing, great, but you could save a lot of money by just playing charades.This game is probably best played in large groups, preferably after consuming some mood-mind altering substances.  It can work okay with a family, but the game is organized in rounds in which each player acts alone the first round, with a partner of their choosing the second round and as a whole group the third round.  Groups can do as many such rounds as they have the stomach for.  Each round you read a card and act out what it says.  If your family is like mine, you'll have at least one party pooper, making the group round rather irrelevant.  At the end of each round a variety of awards are handed out.  One way of &#34;winning&#34; the game is whoever has the most such awards.  But since &#34;winning&#34; and &#34;losing&#34; are really not the point of this game, your group can decide how to score (or not) however you wish.  It's an &#34;everyone gets a trophy&#34; sort of game.Overall, I just don't get the point.  There is nothing about this game that a reasonably creative group couldn't come up with on their own and do just for fun.  Everything about this &#34;game&#34; seems beside the point, including the ridiculous clown nose that is painful to wear if you are over the age of about four.  I guess home-generated games like charades are pass&eacute; these days, so someone had to re-invent an out-of-a-box type of game to replace it.
This toy is very poorly made. It constantly falls apart, and I'm 100% sure it's put together properly. The pieces just don't "snap" together in any secure way...so the pieces are always coming apart. My kids love it otherwise, I just wish they had done a better job of making it stay together better.
This game was clearly made for the ps4 due to the demanding gpu. But it was only ported to xbox one so the fans wouldnt get mad. If you want the real version, buy it on ps4
Ordered mine from Planet Stuff, and received one of the notorious fakes!  Other reviews state the same issue, and I wish I had read more of them before placing an order with this seller.  For $20, it's not worth the hassle of filing a complaint and shipping the item back.  I have a genuine Syma S107G from a different seller, and it is an awesome heli.  Three of my friends liked it so much, they immediately ordered some for themselves.  My fake has flown a couple flights so far, and is almost as stable as my real Syma (so I've given this one 2 stars), but it suffers from other issues mentioned by others, including the reversed polarity charging port.  So, I'm not satisfied with Planet Stuff.  Buyer beware!  :(
this game came with almost no instructions. i noticed other reviewers were familiar with similar dice games and perhaps if we were  it would have been more fun. . we could not play it with the directions included. just tossed it after a day.
If you are used to the genuine rainbow loom products then these bands will be a disappointment. They are hard and stiff and not very flexible at all.
When I first saw this toy I was sooo excited.  My kids love Elmo and trains.  What a great combo of the two!  They got this for Christmas and have played with it maybe once or twice.  The thing does not hold together very well.  The plastic is really flimsy and it always disconnects.  When you have it flat on the floor it's fine but when you go to do the stacked train vs car track it falls apart.  Sure it says it's easy to store by folding it up but then it falls apart again and once it's folded up my three year old can't get it apart...she gave up and walked away.Sad to say this is one toy that will be headed out the door very soon.  The train it's self is well built but without a track for it to go on...it too will be leaving the station (our house).
Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Trackset seemed like the perfect toy for my grandson who is 3 and LOVES anything CARS!  However, this Micro Drifters Fast Flip Transforming Speedway just didn't execute as it was supposed to. It doesn't use batteries which I thought was a plus until we realized we had to keep on pumping which was tiresome and loud and even then, there wasn't enough "juice" to make the cars go properly.  The flip function is supposed to make it into two tracks as it smartly turns from one to the other with a flip...well, good luck in getting it to flip properly and then work with the cars once you do.  My grandson was excited by it at first when the cars worked most of the time (I say cars as I invested in several Micro Drifters so we would have more than the one that comes with the set).  It didn't take long however for the flipper to not flip so we couldn't use the other track and then the cars didn't work well on the track that remained. Much of the time, they either flew off the track set or got stuck. After a while, my little guy just gave up and being 3, was content to roll these tiny cars around by hand on the floor and push them to race against each other. Thus, the track was deemed useless for the most part and he would have nothing to play with had I not bought extra cars ahead of time. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT....the makers should be ashamed!
Sighs...maybe its me. I love the idea. My 5 year old son was excited to play with this. After I put it together, I couldn't figure out how to get spiderman to race on the track. To make matters worse my son hurt his hand on the web catcher thing. Right now its sitting in the box, wishing I could send it back.
While I know this says &#34;mini&#34; hooks...these are tiny...I purchased them for my daughter to use with her rainbow loom kit...and they work...for her tiny fingers to use...but if an adult were to want to use these, good luck!
We've had this device for a couple months now. My son (4 1/2) has been playing educational games on the iPad for years and really enjoys them. I was hoping this would take the place of the iPad, and he could have his own device to learn and play on. It didn't quite work out that way.The first month we had this my son didn't touch it at all. My husband was deployed, so I had my iPad 3, and my son had the original iPad all to himself. After my husband came home, I got the iPad mini, the first generation went to my sister, and now my son had to share the iPad 3. Once that happened he started paying a lot more attention to LeapPad.Right off the bat he complained about it being slow. Obviously the graphics aren't as clear as the retina display iPad, but the reaction time is also slower, not to mention the smaller screen.The biggest problem with this though is the cost of the apps. Some of them are outrageous! I purchased a Jake and the Neverland Pirates app on the iPad for $2.99. The Jake app on the LeapPad is $25.00! What do you get for $25.00? Well, it teaches...Number Recognition...Shapes...Sorting & Classifying...Counting. You can get educational apps on the iPad that teach all those same things, but for a fraction of the cost (or free!). An expensive app in the Apple store is around $4.99, and those are rare, but LeapPad 2 app prices START at $10 and go up to $25.00 (the cheapest apps I saw were for $5.00, and there were only two of them).Overall, I just don't recommend this toy, ESPECIALLY if you already have an iPad that you don't mind sharing with your child. Even if you don't have one, you're still shelling out quite a bit of money for a toy. $100 for the device, plus $10-$25 PER app. Then if you want a case for it, that's another $15-$20. It's a money pit. I recommend taking that money and applying it to a tablet the whole family can use.
I really expected to like this product but sadly it doesn't even come close to what I expect from the Crayola brand.The +'s for this item are only what was promised - I nicely shaped, firm surface that would be a good size and shape for holding in a lap or using on a table.The minus side includes everything else:The marker ink is so pale that it can hardly be seen on the board no matter what angle or firmness you use them at.The wiper cloth is good only to drty the pad after you have used the included liquid filled eraser. ( I suspect this is a light dish soap concoction)The board still feels like it has a wax build up on it even after it's cleaned and on the places that that is the thickest feeling, the markers won't leave any color at all.My advice is to buy a wipe-off board at a dollar store and a box of washable markers. You'll spend less $ and have a happier little artist than I had.
Reading the other reviews, I see most of us have had the same issue... I'm not sure why the star ratings are so high reading that pretty much everyone has struggled with getting this to work.  In our own experience, this was a little 7 year old girl who would have loved this if it had worked.  Adults and little girl alike became frustrated - the extensions wouldn't stay in her hair and we couldn't really make the color change thing work.  I concluded that this is a "not ready for prime time" product -- fun concept but the execution falls flat.Sorry, I don't give many one-star reviews but in this case I cannot recommend this product.
Although these are not something I'd purchase on my own, I thought my three year-old granddaughter might like these, so I accepted the offer to review them.The problem is that the pearly finish was peeling off the white, plastic beads when they came out of the bag (see uploaded pic). I'd never give them to a child, as who knows how safe that finish is if eaten. I know it made my black shirt look like I have a dandruff problem, which I do not.I would give them one star, but my cat, Rex, seems to like them (see pic), so I guess I can go as high as two, but really, had I paid even a couple bucks for these, I'd be pretty ticked off.I see that these have been reviewed higher by other reviewers, some of whose opinions I generally trust, so maybe I just got a bad string. I can only review what I have though, and I can't recommend these to anybody.
Got this for my then one year old for Christmas and he's never paid it much attention.  It's kind of weird and the movement mechanism is so loud you can hardly hear the dog. It's very heavy and only has the one story. I wouldn't get this again.
The minute this product came through the door, my nine-year-old and four-year-old couldn't wait to get their hands on it. They immediately took out the markers and erasers and started drawing, to disappointing results. From the picture, it looks like the marker colors are vivid and bold, and if this were the case, I have no doubt my kids would have loved this toy and gotten hours of play out of it. The truth is, though, that the colors are barely visible. Of the four, only the yellow is remotely visible, and it's very faint at best.Thinking my kids were doing something wrong, I had a go at the toy. I erased what they'd drawn, wiped the mat dry with the included microfiber cloth, and gave each color a go, only to find that none of them really worked. As noted, the yellow was faint, but the other three colors looked like nothing more than wet lines on the surface of the mat, completely colorless.It's bad enough to market something that works poorly at best, but inexcusable to sell a product that doesn't work at all. Don't waste your money.
I wasn't expecting much, my kids have a mustache fetish lol  These are cute but very cheaply made and will irritate your ears if you are sensitive at all.
my daughter loves monster high, that is the only reason i had bought this. I dont think they are very good quality, but its not like they used to make toys sooo..
I love the idea of this set, and we were excited to receive it. However, the tracks are not as tight when set up, so they become a bit flimsy. We had a hard time keeping it together. Our boys are three and under, and that is the minimum age for the set. I think that three is simply too young for this. It's quite complicated to set up, and it can easily collapse. The risers don't click on, but rather just rest under track. Seems like a bit like a design flaw.I like the multi-levels of play, but it just didn't work for us. We brought it over to a friend's house with older kids and it was quite a hit. Perhaps that's the secret to this toy's success: have it at someone else's house!
This is the worst advent calendar you can buy. Pay the money and buy Lego. Thought it would be good sine not much smurf suff out there but mega blocks really missed the boat here.
My husband and I usually read reviews on products before we purchase them, unfortunately in this case we forgot.  We saw this item in the store and immediately scanned the barcode and added it to our daughter's Christmas list on Amazon.  When we received it as a gift for her, we were thrilled... until we tried to use it.We love Crayola brand items, but the markers with this thing are junk. Even if you mark on the mat, it can barely be seen to even erase anything. What's the point?  I guess we can use it to protect the floor when our daughter is coloring in her book with her other markers. It's really a space eater with no purpose.
This is basically a coloring book with stickers, crayons, and 2 cheap stamps. Don't waste your money.My son got it for Christmas, looked at a few times and it has sat for the past week, since.
I was only able to shoot the gun 25~ times before it broke.The out-of-the-box assembly is simple and requires no tools. Loading and readying a shot is easy, most kids should be able handle it - very little strength is needed. Firing the gun provides satisfying feedback (a pleasing and authoritative CHA-CHUNGK sound). Design-wise, I wish the gun came with a scope, reticule, or something to make the aiming easier. It is a long-range model, after all. There is an iPhone app available that lets you aim with the phone, but you need to buy a mount (sold separately) to attach the iPhone to the gun. Otherwise, the gun is just equipped with rails to aim with.When it was working, the gun was able to fire 100 feet, as advertised.  The darts make a cool whistling sound as they fly through the air. I didn't get to shoot anyone, so I can't rate how painful the darts are. I'd guess that they don't hurt very much - they have a hollow rubber tip that is squishy to the touch.After shot 20 or so, the gun began to fire darts at a dramatically shorter distance. Eventually, the gun could be "cocked" back all the way, but would only return halfway to the forward position. Apparently, the internal mechanism has some sort of jam or broken part that prevents it from being fully cocked, which now keeps the gun from firing.The directions that come with the gun only give advice for fixing a dart jam, or clearing the barrel of an obstruction - nothing about how to fix the actual firing mechanism. Three people worked for an hour to try and fix this gun, but to no avail. I figure that the only way to fix it would be to take the gun apart - and even then, it might need a replacement piece.If you were to give this to a rambunctious kid, or really anybody who planned to use it outside of a delicate testing environment, it would probably break even SOONER, if you can imagine that.
Full disclosure, I did not buy this. I do however have it, got it last week. Its super cute. The 5yo and 3yo love it.Disappointments: not sturdy. Anytime you move it the pencil underneath the lowest bit of track pops out, they should have kept the green peice below it a part of the whole thing and not another piece to fall off. The slide pops apart easily. its just really made cheap.Worst part, the track is of ZERO use, the car falls off constantly, and the car if pushed down 1 hill doesn't make it up the next hill to go down again. So you take it to the top and it goes down and stop.. They could have been a bit more clever about how it was designed so it wasn't so obviously not functional. I have a feeling had this been a boy toy the top priority would have been to make sure if you set the car down the roller coaster it would have enough momentum to get at least half way through the track, vs 1/4th through and then... nothing. Sad they put more into how "cute" it was then to how functional it was. The slide worked the best.Of course its adorable looking and the girls loved it because they love lalaloopsy but its not going to last very long at all. Made VERY cheap, design very cute in appearance.
I expected some good old &#8220;American boy fun&#8221; from Hot Wheels Monster Jam Maximum Destruction Battle Trackset.  Mattel pitted a Hot Wheels &#8220;monster truck against&#8221; a claw welding monster robot.  This is not your daddy&#8217;s Hot Wheels.  The enormous wheels make it hard for the toy truck to stay on track.  It is also difficult to generate enough force to knock the gargantuan robot over, which is the goal.  The toy set was built relatively well by today&#8217;s standards, but that is not saying much.  The monster worked but the pieces of track seemed to come apart fairly easily and interrupting the fun of playing with the set.  The concept of being able to add more track and other Monster trucks to the set is intriguing, but I think it is a way to trap parents into going out and spending more of their hard earned money on more sets.  I don&#8217;t think this toy is worth the money&#8230;.
Very slimy creature inside egg.  Not as advertised, bought it for Easter gift and my grandchildren were scared the chick didn't hatch as instructed.  Time to go back to the design room.
I see no real purpose for this, other than to hand more of your money over to a toy company. Your phone is still doing all of the work. The &#34;camera&#34; just serves as a case and of course there is an app to download and use .. on your phone.. since your phone is still doing all of the work.The case itself feels cheap. I thought the green sides would be rubberized and more durable, but they aren't. It's just hard plastic all the way around the case. The piece of thin flimsy plastic that covers the screen can be popped right out.While the app has some nice features and cool stuff to do with pictures, I just find this toy pointless. I would much rather hand my phone to my kid with the Lifeproof or Otterbox etc and allow them to use it that way. You can download all sorts of photo apps and games for free anyway, so why add the bulk of this case just to use an app? You can use the LeapFrog app without the case on too, although when you first setup/install they do make you take a pic of the barcode inside the case to prove that you own it.I would not recommend for anyone to waste their money on this. It is bulky and cheap and serves no real purpose. If you have a good case for your phone, it should be pretty safe as it is. There are tons of apps to download for pics without needing to buy a cheap camera toy case to go along with it.
The face sculpt just kills this figure. Looks nothing like her likeness from the game. I guess I could just put her on my shelf backwards. heheh.
I grew up loving to play with Barbies.  I loved them so much that my father made me a wooden case just to hold mine safely and I still have them to this day.  I also grew up playing with "Fashion Plates" a drawing and stencil kit that allowed you to "make fashions" that you could color and texture with several variations.  I was hoping this Barbie might be as much fun.She isn't.First there are only six pieces of clothing that you can "iron" the stickers that come with this onto.  This limited canvas on which to press the stickers is very annoying on two levels -- the first is simply that you don't have many clothes to use it on but perhaps you could apply them to other clothes, the second is that some of the tops are patterned and that looks a bit off with the stickers.Be wary of the packaging - yes the cardboard can be recycled as can the bigger outer plastic shell but that's where the good packaging ends.  There were so many tiny attachment points for this thing and so many plastic tabs to maneuver that I got five scratches opening it.  I can't imagine a child safely opening it, in fact I wouldn't let a child try to open it at all.But the most annoying thing about this is by having a set of stickers and no blank sticker material you are immediately limiting the creativity of the child.  This is not designing anything, it is merely adding stickers and once that's done, you are done and this doll becomes like any other Barbie.Apparently I can't add my own photos to show you the problems I found.
We gave our 3-year old this Gund Elmo after a day where he earned all of his gold stars on his rewards chart (something I would have a hard time doing).  He loves Elmo, and immediately took him, finding the squeezy-spot to make him speak within seconds.  Okay, so our first mistake was giving him Elmo AT bedtime.  The next two hours were "aahhh---chooo!" "Elmo would feel better if you hold Elmo's hand" and the other three phrases.  Five short phrases (including the sneeze!) wear thin quickly.But the big news is this, and I capitalize this because it is so important:  THERE IS NO WAY TO REPLACE THE BATTERIES WHEN THEY DIE.  Elmo will fall silent permanently once the pre-installed batteries wear out.  When I looked and found no way to replace them, I went back to the Amazon page, and sure enough, even Gund says it; "parents should be aware that the Feel Better Elmo does not have an on/off switch, and there is no way to change the pre-installed battery."So here is cute Elmo, who my little boy loves from Sesame Street, and one day fairly soon, he will lose his voice.  Not that I love changing batteries on toys, but that is kind of disappointing!Also important; Elmo can't be machine washed, of course, due to the batteries that soon will be useless anyway.  His robe and the tissue box are secured tightly; you can only "surface wash."The Chinese construction of Elmo isn't bad, really, but why spend $27 or so for what amounts to a temporary version of a doll?  I like the idea of my little boy hugging Elmo when he's not feeling well and getting ready for some rest, but as a toy, and even as a stuffed animal, this version of Elmo falls short.  I can't really recommend it.
These do not fit any Barbie dolls as the are super tiny. Total ripoff. Do not buy these which we used as stocking stuffers.
Everyone likes UNO, right?  Not when you bundle it with a clunky device that sounds like a demonic toilet flushing.  This is the new worst sound I've ever heard, and even if you enjoy the unpredictability of when the cards will shoot out, there is no way to turn the horrible sound off or even down.The instructions are pretty scant on info about how the device works or what to expect from it, so we played the first ten minutes with this horrible beeping noise blaring every few seconds.  We finally realized that was the 'change battery' alert.  But again, even with new batteries, the sound effect was beyond awful.  Oh and did I mention the ridiculously difficult to open packaging?  It took two people and a rather large knife several minutes to pry this thing loose.Bottom line, we would never use this thing again.  Save yourself the money and just buy a simple and cheap deck of UNO cards.
I got this and the left side kept unsticking so I had it replaced and that replacement fell on my daughter in the bath tub and she was shocked to say the least!This is a hazard when they are suppose to be able to push and play with this and it ends up falling on them!Yes she loves bubbles and the initial song that comes on makes her dance, but this is not well made! I had searched and searched for a bubble bath toy and this had the best reviews out of them all but it's junk! This isn't light weight so when it drops it's a little brush off the shoulder.
We have 2 serious Frozen fans in the house and I was very excited to check this castle out! But when it arrived... I had to do a double take: was this a knock off? Although it appears to be legitimately Disney, it honestly feels like something that was purchased in a dollar store that is simply a fake. Even the details are off: my son immediately noticed that Elsa has a tiara on--she threw this away just before her &#34;transformation&#34; was complete, and so this is out of place. The quality is poor, and it does not seem durable at all.When I looked at the price, I had to do another double take! This would be a reasonable toy for half the price, perhaps, but for what they are asking, it just doesn't add up.I wish Disney would make a better version of this--perhaps as an Imaginext set--that would be well-worth the money!For now, however, I'd recommend passing this one up.
We bought two for our 5 year old twins, and they stink. We downloaded the app from iTunes onto both of our iPads, and tried to use the pencils. Tried. It doesn't sense the pencil strokes half the time, we can't unlock the other &#34;levels&#34; or whatever they are, so kids have completely run out of possible play in less than an hour with the product. We are so bummed, my son who is not a proficient writer was really excited to use this and was carefully tracing lines to make letters - it just wouldn't work (it wouldn't work for me, either).
This shower playset is cute, but as with a lot of the other monster high playsets it is flimsy.We got this set for my daughters birthday present in Feb and the shower hook broke in less than a month (resulting in it not holding the doll in the shower).  Prior to it breaking whenever my daughter would hook the doll into the shower it would fall off the base (sort of like how the dolls stands disconnect from the base).  Regardless it is a cute set if you do not mind putting it back together often.  It is not durable or study and I am slowly getting to the point where I may not buy any monster high furniture in the future because most of them are too flimsy for me.
This was a birthday present for my 5yo son from friends. The box makes it look awesome--with 7 or 8 balls/cars lined up and them shooting out of the thing with a cool laser. Until you look closely and see that only one car is included. And you try to use it and the ball just falls out (&#34;rapid fire&#34; is a joke) and rarely (if ever) pops open. I wanted to return it but my son likes it so we're stuck with it. I would NEVER buy this.
Don't waste time or money on this, it does not work at all. It does not churn any bubble no matter how much you wind it.
I must say too bad they didn't give us the articulation we need for this awesome sculpt. and his tiny sword is just pathetic. still, a decent figure if you intend to keep it in one pose or mint in box.
l would have been happy if they modeled Capt.Marvel just like the Blk Adam. He just looks so awkward. lf the hood was done better l think that could have been a nice touch
I had high hopes for this set.  I've been a fan on Ravensburger sets and games since I was a kid.  I'm an ex-science nerd raising a 10 year old boy who loves all things electrical, gadgety, and science related.  This should have been a perfect fit.I like the variety of useful gadgets that one can build with this set and I like that they seem to include enough parts that you aren't building a flashlight that you then have to pillage for parts when you move on to the next gadgets in the instructions.  The instructions are ok but do not offer reliable step by step visuals which made it hard for me to follow & I can't imagine my reasonably smart kid getting far with this.  It would be better if they provided at least more visuals and clearer language as training wheels until the user gets the hang of the lingo and techniques.  I made three of the gadgets and none of them worked.  I took them apart and tried again. Nope. Nada. Zilch. That could be user error.  I was too frustrated and my kid had long since lost interest so I put it away and we have not touched it since.I have found that Snap Circuits are a much better match for us and they get played with a few times a week by all of our family members (10 years to 73 years old).
This doll is cute and suitable for toddlers. Though other reviews have commented on its poor construction, so far it has held up to a few bath & play times for us.My major complaint is the misleading info on the box. On the back of the box is written "In our breezy California playroom, we create original and beautiful dolls ..." followed by "Each doll is a handmade work of heart ..."But flip to the bottom of the box & I find "Made in CHINA"So, OK ... maybe the back text meant "In California ... we DESIGN original and beautiful dolls" and maybe they meant to write "people in CHINA make each doll by hand" (though I wonder if this can be true?). But if that is what was meant, then that is what should have been written, because it is too easy to draw a conclusion that THIS specific doll in THIS very box was handmade in California.I hate misleading advertising, even if not intentional, and for this reason, a potential 3* rating dropped to a 1* from me.
There is a lot of empty space in the box.  So it came as an unpleasant surprise when I opened this large box and realized that there were ony a few items and a brochure included.  The motorized toilet mixer is definitely a &#34;star&#34; of this set, the rest of the few included items - the stand, two beakers, measuting cups, trash can, and worm mixing spoon, are cheap toy quality.  There are no ingredients included.  The only appeal of this set is the &#34;gross factor&#34; which will most likely appeal to younger kids (it did to my 6 year old son).I already have The Magic School Bus Chemistry Lab, which is a bit more expensive at ~$35, but is a nice set with several tools like beakers, pipette, goggles, petri dish, etc. and many ingredients already included.  The MSB Chem Lab does not have the &#34;grossness&#34; of this set, but my son liked it seemingly just as much.  Additionally, The Magic School Bus series offers a Slime and Polymer Lab, which seems like it may appeal to kids looking for &#34;gross&#34; experiments and also may be a better value.My opinion of the &#34;That's Gross Science Lab&#34; set is based on the comparison of this set to The Magic Bus one.  Considering what is included in this set, I don't think this set should cost &#62;50% of The Magic School Bus set.
Where to start..:1- vague instructions, of course I ended up putting &#34;undetachable&#34; part wrong, but with the knife it did came apart; they could specifically say the wholes on 2 blue legs/base should be facing each other (should be inside of the construction, so the slide will attach to them),2- such a cheap plastic parts, they could not made the back wall so toy could stand by itself??3- portable toy, only because it's very light I guess,4- Thomas is smaller than regular trains from sets and it barely goes by itself all the way down, it flips, gets stuck etc., we use bigger heavier one and it goes perfectly, but some other trains are too heavy, so go figure,5- the small parts, crane, green mud/paint and half house attach so poorly it's a shame.Did my 3 year old boy loves it? Of course, it's a train, it slides and have accidents so he laughs and plays with it. Before I received it I was sure I will get one for upcoming birthday for 2 year old boy but heck no! I'm not embarrassing myself. This toy should be in dictionary under made in china.
My test kidlet is 7 and this was her report:"The clothes didn't sit tight in the frame and kept moving around so my lines were always crooked when I was drawing them""There wasn't much to do after I finished the three dresses.""I couldn't make my dresses look like the ones on the package.""I liked getting another Barbie doll."And that was basically the high point of the product - there's a Barbie doll included.  This might have been a nice idea at the Barbie Think Tank, but the actual product does not live up to its hype.  I know that if she had problems with it at age 7, there is no way a 36-month old child is going to know what to do with it.  Luckily, I got this product free to test; if I had purchased it I would have been even more disappointed.
This car was bigger than expected, and in the color blue.  I got it for $30, and I know other reviewers paid $60.  I would be SO pissed if I paid $60 for this.  It's neat, and my kids love it.  But right out of the box, it stopped working right after they pressed the button on the controller.  It turned out the antenna wasn't well connected.  Then it wouldn't turn.  My husband insisted it wouldn't turn, even though I knew another reviewer showed a video of it turning all over the place.  Turns out that there was a loose wire in the controller, too.This is obviously going to be a constant battle of trying to patch this together, and keep it running.  I'm surprised it's not dead yet, after a few days.  No excuse for such poor workmanship.  As others said the packaging got destroyed when we opened it so there's no way to return it.  Maistro almost ruined my son's birthday.  Fortunately, my husband saved the day.  For now.I'm sure we'll have tears to look forward to soon when we can no longer fix it.  I only gave two stars because when it DOES work it's cool.
This game was played just once. It was fun enough, but there are better drawing games out there.First, I want to tell you about the packaging. It's awful. While it's cute that it comes in the shape of a pencil, it's bulky, difficult to store, and basically the box has to be disassembled for you to open it. That means it doesn't store neatly afterward.The game play is okay, not great. We have Pictionary, Pictionary Junior, and Win, Lose or Draw, all of which are more fun than this game. Did we have some fun? I guess. Are we eager to play it again? Not at all.The final verdict is that if the company doesn't think this game is even worth putting in a decent box, it's not really worth your money. It's just a cheap attempt to make money on a popular online social game you can play for free, so why bother? I wouldn't.
For kids, this game was difficult to use. There is a hand pump that pushes the &#34;doo&#34; through and it was not easy for kids (6 and 4yr olds) to pump. And the &#34;doo&#34; kept getting stuck inside.
I did not get this for me. I got it for one of my daughters. She loves Sophia the First. So how could daddy go wrong getting this to make his little girl happy?Mistake 1: I told my daughter that I had a gift for her. Since it wasn't meant to be a surprise, I showed her a picture of it too. So when it showed up, I was shocked when I saw how small the box was. The picture makes it look a lot bigger then it is. Even my kids said it was smaller then we thought.Mistake 2: Toys for kids used to be different, in that they would last. Now it seems that the standard practice is to make toys that last somewhere between a weekend and a month. The expectation is after that timeframe, it is the parents job to buy a new one. It is one thing if a child gets bored with a toy... it is another when the toy is made so cheap that it can't withstand the careful use of a 5 year old.Mistake 3: Over the years, we have invested a lot of money into the Disney ecosystem. Movies, music, toys, clothes, etc. It is the brand that kids want... well at least my kids. And now that the disney umbrella includes pixar, marvel, star wars and more, it is hard not to. As a general rule, we have been pleased with the over all quality of disney (and subsidiaries) products. This is clearly an exception to the rule.I will say that while you can do a lot worse then buying this toy, you can do a lot better. Given the choice, I would spend my money elsewhere.
I bought this and the super Set Fairy Fountain for a granddaughter after reading all the reviews that raved about how fun Playmobil toys were. These fairies are ugly.  My granddaughter only played with it because it was something new and she wanted to be kind to me for getting it for her.  But it now sits at the bottom of her closet unused.  Other Playmobil sets may have more &#34;play value&#34; than this one, but I probably won't ever buy one again after seeing how little fun it actually was.
I bought the zombie and Steve at Target for my boys for $9 each.  Thankfully I didn't get all of them because they're basically fragile junk.  Like pretty much all the stuff licensed by Mojang, it's overpriced and breaks incredibly easy.  My kids love Minecraft like crazy, so I relent and buy them the merchandise because they get so excited about the toys.  But it's always the same; they play with them no harder than all their other toys, and not one single thing has ever lasted more than 24 hours without breaking.Mojang should just get it over with and start selling a Minecraft bow that shoots arrows you fill with $20 bills to launch into the financial nether, but here's my take:Pros:  1. Kids LOVE being able to play with these characters.  It's a no-brainer, really.  2. They are nicely painted.  3.  Great size for kids.  4.  The sword and tools are well done.  5.  Nice packaging.Cons: 1. The plastic seems like the same vinyl stuff they used on the toys offered last season that snapped like brittle twigs.  2. The price is therefore high for the quality.  3.  Articulation is limited because of the dimensions of the head - move the head and you can't raise there arms.  Not a huge deal, really.  Just part of the actual dimensions of the Minecraft characters.  4.  The sword is difficult for kids to lock in the characters' hands. They do go in, though.Upshot:  Fairly brittle toy that is admittedly very cool for Minecraft fanatics.  If your kids play with their stuff gently, then you're probably good.  Or if you're an adult, then yeah, you're fine.  But don't be surprised when these snap on you.
I ordered this thinking it was the same toy I saw in toys r us...not at all...First I thought frustration free packaging was a joke so I didn't think it mattered but im guessing that is why it came not even in a proper box so it will look like a super cheap gift I got for my sons birthday.I haven't tested how it works yet but it also looks smaller than the one my kids liked in toys r us nor do I think it does the same actions....very disappointed hope it at least works...but very cheap looking
Although seemingly well-constructed with a heavy, colorful plastic tray and detachable tools, why would anyone with an iPad want to buy this Artsee Studio for use in it? There are terrific, completely self-contained, free iPad apps for children and adults to create their own artwork and to play educational matching games without the need to insert their iPads into this plastic case.  Unfortunately, there is no ventilation for the iPad in the case and mine became very warm to the touch in short order.  There is also a risk that the detachable drawing tools could be lost.Additionally, the Artsee Studio has no protective screen for the iPad when it is secured in place for use. The stylus is black at both ends, making it easy for a child, or even an adult, to use the wrong end on the iPad screen and possibly scratch the unprotected screen. To make matters worse, the other art tools have plastic glides on the bottom where they make contact with the unprotected iPad screen, thus again running the risk that the screen will be damaged.In summary, although this product is attractive, I believe it is a completely unnecessary expense and may damage an iPad.  Not recommended.
did not like this at all but the purchase purchase of the item got it and it did not go with any of the tracks that it was supposed to go with at least according to what I saw online it was a complete waste of time and money
The sound quality was so poor we had to return it.  I had low expectations because it's a kid's portable CD player, but this was unacceptable. We previously owned a very similar product made by &#34;Virtuoso&#34; which had much better quality sound.  So we are going to buy that again.  I thought I'd try the Kidz Lane brand because it received better Amazon reviews.For this Kidz Lane version they must have used low-quality analogue hardware to the preamp. We plugged the CD player into our stereo system and it still sounded awful.  At a very low volume it sounds fine, but at a moderate volume (so you can sing along) it sounds distorted.  Perhaps we got a bad version though because other reviewers specifically state that the sound quality of there's is good. And I don't think this is a case of different expectations, because ours is truly unlistenable at anything but the very lowest volume.  If you turn the volume up half-way it's completely distorted and unlistenable, even by my youngsters.I do like a lot of the buttons and user interface on the KidzLane version better than the Virtuoso one. Except for a critical one: the volume dial. The volume dial is also the on/off switch, which wasn't very clear for my 4 year old to figure out.  All of my kids, including the 6 year old, would forget to turn the CD player off because it was hard to find the on/off switch.  Which wears down the 6 &#34;C&#34; batteries.  And even when they did try to turn it off (when I would ask them to) they were unsuccessful because they turned the volume down all the way so it was quiet but not enough to click it off.Also, I bought the amazon recommended power cord (sold separately) and it didn't work. You know the &#34;other customers also bought.... &#34; recommendation. That's not the product's fault though. Just be careful if you buy a power cord because ours wasn't compatible.  I'm not sure which one is.  I think a better long term solution would be to buy rechargeable batteries and a charger for those 6 C batteries. I think you can even buy rechargeable size &#34;AA&#34; and a spacer and it would work, but I haven't tried it.
They are useless!  They break as soon as you stretch them!  I had a very disappointed little girl when she tried to use these to make bracelets!!
We could never get past the very beginning of a game, since the base was especially sensitive to the slightest reasonable amount of pressure (particularly after the tower was already constructed upon it). It frequently dropped down, forcing the tower to topple over.It doesn't matter how well we set it up at the beginning. We flip the switch at the back that is supposed to lock it down. We push down on the base beforehand, to make sure it is set, stable and secure (I especially wanted to avoid rebuilding the tower AGAIN for no reason).  Unfortunately, the same problem keeps occurring. Our whole family is disappointed, though we now see that even if it DID work correctly, the "fuse" isn't long enough to get a good game going, especially for more than two players.There is no point to this add-on to traditional Jenga. It is also unfortunate that they subsequently decreased the number of wooden blocks in order to have a plastic base that does nothing to improve upon it. Although the overall base construction seems sturdy enough, its malfunction ruins the game for us.A thoroughly bad experience for our family, so I cannot recommend Jenga Boom.
Bought for my nephew and it doesn't work very well.  After a week it wouldn't respond and when it did it would fail during flight, making an already hard to control toy impossible to use.
This case broke while trying to close it.  Ended up returning it and getting one somewhere else. I don't recommend it.
The first thing to know about this play set is do not hand it to your kid and expect that they will be able to put it together.  It takes adult intervention to assemble it the first time.  I got this as an extra toy here at the house for my 6 year old grandson.  Wrapped it up and gave it to him as a Gammy present for the weekends he spends here.  Had no idea, I would have to put dinner on hold for over 30 minutes while I helped him put it together.Once it was together, his next question was where is the other wrassler?  This set only comes with one wrestler - making it impossible to simulate a real match (unless you buy more figures).  That was the second strike - (he finally ended up using an old Data action figure that used to belong to my son).The set works the way it is supposed to as far as the collapsible pieces, i.e., the ring splitting in half, knocking down the jumbo screen, etc.  But, since there are so many breakable pieces, I don't know how long this will last as a whole.Overall, I'm giving this two stars.  The grandson loves playing with it when he is here - but, at least one piece has already broken (fixed with a touch of epoxy) - I look at this more as a disposable toy - not one for long-time use.
The product is hard and has a string on the top of it's head.  Not sure if they are suppose to hang some where?  But purchased as a stuffed animal for my son and just not what I was expecting.  Too big and looks cheap.  The seller, shipment, receiving was wonderful and gave to my son who loves it, but I would not purchase this is I had seen in person.
What happens when a classic formula gets tweaked?  You end up with New Coke.  While JENGA BOOM in not intended to replace, but add variety to the original modern-classic family/party game Jenga ... it alters game play in a manner that takes away a core aspect of the game.Jenga (the original) is fun because of its simplicity ... a stacking game that requires some basic level strategizing that has the rare ability to appeal to kids and adults.  JENGA BOOM takes the same stacking game, but requires placing the block structure on a plastic "stand" that serves as both a timer and detonating device.  The purpose is to put pressure on players to move and stack blocks under pressure of destroying the structure if it isn't done in a timely manner.  A draw cord is pulled to load the timer; players simply press a start button before making their move and push the stop button when the move is complete.  Eventually, time runs out and the base punches upward, destroying the structure.  Simple enough.There are several issues that I found bothersome with JENGA BOOM:- The joy of the original Jenga is that the longer the game goes on, the more complicated and delicate the moves get ... challenging and fun.  JENGA BOOM eliminates this completely as the timer doesn't allow enough time for any elongated game play.  Sure, players can develop their own game rules and allow for timer start-overs, but why bother.- Jenga requires a solid/stable foundation to work ... the plastic detonating device in JENGA BOOM takes away from the stability.  The block structure slides around the base too easily from the start ... reducing the number of move choices.  The detonator itself is too light and has a tendency to slide as well.- Simply pushing the timer start and stop buttons can topple the structure.  The short "fuse" on the timer requires players to be quick when pushing the start and stop buttons ... too much time wasted on making sure the buttons are pushed gingerly enough to avoid knocking over the blocks.- The stacking guide that allows for quickly assembling the starting structure is made of cardboard ... once it's worn or torn; just starting the game becomes tedious.  The stacking guide needs to be sturdier ... preferably plastic.I found JENGA BOOM to be an unnecessary change-up from the original formula.  The good thing is that you can always ditch the detonator and simply play the game in classic form.
Finally this doll caused my daughter to no longer want monster high dolls. After many of the later versions of monster high doll continue to go up in price and the quality go down. broken legs and arms are very common issues.  She's tired buying girls and not getting any boys. BYE BYE Mattel.
The WWE Rumblers rampage devastatdium playset seemed like a really fun idea.  The age range is 3-13 years so it should span a wide age range.  Unfortunately once you open the packaging you realize that the toy requires adult intervention for assembly.  How anyone figured it would be ok for a 3 year old I don't know.  Once the toy is assembled you realize it comes with only one action figure.  A wrestling playset with only one wrestler?  To make matters worse some of the pieces detach and are easily lost... again how does a 3 year old play with this without losing the pieces?  The concept is great but some of the details of this toy are not fully thought out and thus it fails to be more than 2 stars.
Well, my niece is sad.  She was so excited to receive this gift but the hair never changed color, not even on the first day.  Also, the tail does not work properly.  Don't waste your money on this.  There are better Barbie brand mermaid dolls on the shelves of your local box store.
My son has been playing with my Iphone and I thought that this would help make it a little more user friendly for him.  I did not like this toy at all.  After downloading the Apps (which this only works with) I found that it never turned the pages or do what it was supposed to do.  After about 10 minutes of trying to figure out why it was not working, I gave up.  I do not recommend this for anyone. A real book I have found is more fun.
This toy spent all of two minutes walking across the livingroom and my grandson put it away and has not yet looked at it again.  I am sorry I bought it.  I know that both of my grandsons love the movie and I thought they would enjoy playing with it.  I was so wrong.
This item arrived in a thin plastic envelope and the package was open and cheaply made. We had to go through it to make sure everything is there. For what I paid I should of got at least a Good box. The item looks cheap and I can only hope that it will make descent bracelets. I'm not recommending this to anyone. If you people care about your customers the least you can do is package this product better, and reduce the price by 10 dollars you thief's.
I did not buy this online. I bought it in Target. I can't even tell you when it first fell apart because I have sewn it probably 10x in the past 6 months. The seams ripped apart. The material actually has disintegrated.  DO NOT BUY
I'm not entirely sure what the point of the Tag / LeapReader books are.  As someone who enjoys reading to his daughter, and loves watching her read on her own, I don't really see the point of a book like this.  For true interactivity, there are computers and tablets.  Otherwise, get a real book.  Having an electronic pen that reads out a paragraph or describes a scene feels lazy - the whole point of reading is that you engage with the material yourself, not listen to a canned voice-over of a specific scene.  For fans of Monsters University, it probably won't matter, since the book does capture the spirit of the new movie.  It offers a condensed story, complete will illogical narrative jumps and definitely favors big, bright pictures over words.  Sorry, but these books (and this one in particular) are not something I'd ever get again.
Bought the AT AT which even I cannot get to stand up.  And exercise in frustration.  The whole thing is great as an app, but these just get lost and yeah, unless you have amazing co-ordination and like losing these every time you attempt to use them then I'd pass.  If these were fired from a slingshot kid of thing it'd be 5 stars, but that'd be too dangerous I guess.
You want me to tell ya a story, hon? 'Kay...let me just put down my martini. Once upon a time, there was a little girl who was so tired of waiting for hours for her dad to get home to celebrate her birthday that she decided to open the Hairtastic Barbie that her so-called friend brought over. (Chuckling) Yes, this so-called friend does sound a lot like _____...yes, she did have a party recently. Yes, everyone is supposed to have a go at the pinata- not just the birthday girl and her cousin, the one other child guest besides you. We call that "nepotism". But that's a story for another night. Anyway, this little girl threw caution to the wind and plunked down Barb in her suction cup chair. The chair stayed put, but when the coloring action took place, Barb was fallin' all over the place. The seat needs a restraint. I say...putting paint chips in a clippy-thingie and trying to pull it down a lock of Barb's wet hair is difficult and dosen't even work! Just using the included brush on the chips themselves and then transferring the color to Barb's hair is much easier. She sure did shed like a dog! Keep her away from the couch. No, sweetie, that's not a chamber pot- that's to hold the water in order to get Barb's hair wet. I do think that the coloring clip can be used to keep several pieces of paper together. It's not a total waste. You want another story? How about "The Pretentious Fellow Target Customer"?  Or: "The Girl Who Cried Anti-Hipster"? I know- "The Insecure Neighbor Who Redecorated Her Kitchen Instead of Capping Off Her Abandoned Well and Whose Child Brought Over a Terrible Hairtastic Barbie"! Perfect.
Not a big fan of this Thomas the Train toy for a few reasons....first it has to lean against a wall to work properly. Not a fan of a toy scraping against the wall.  Second, the assembly is a little tricky, but once together is sturdy.  I guess this toy is based on a DVD called Spills and Thrills for which I have no comment on since I have not seen the movie.  There are other accompanying train sets that go with this set available for purchase.  My nephew got bored with this after several minutes.
The product I received is not imprinted or embossed as the real, true Rainbow Loom should be. The sharp, rough, uneven, jagged edges on the loom break so many rubber bands when trying to make a bracelet. I'm thoroughly disappointed in this purchase.
I totally love Emmett, but the Barbie-style figures from Twilight don't look much like the characters, unfortunately. The smaller seven inch action figures were crafted much better.
Don't waste your money on these. They come three in a pack and I thought they would make cute stocking stuffers for my three grandkids. Two of them arrived broken, and the vendor never responded to my email.
I though my 5 year so would like these but I think she was a little young.  I would say 7 and older for a good age.
I think the clever product description is more than likely to make a customer believe what isn't true.* In the middle of the Overview paragraph one can see: "Note that you supply the food ingredients..."  That should be in bold at the top.  The kit doesn't have much.  One could have downloaded science experiment instructions if one knew one would have to buy nearly all the stuff independently.* In bold the last heading: "Kids will make:" That is, providing the adults buy many ingredients on their own.Here's what you'll probably do with this kit: Make one small volcano eruption and throw the rest away.  Don't waste your money.
From the packaging and product write up, Science Lab looks promising. The description says that your young scientist can, "use household items in these engaging experiments." If you have yeast, purple cabbage, Borax, also known as salt of boric acid (used in kitchens to control for cockroaches and ants), or a single disposable diaper laying about your home, this kit may interest you. If not, I suggest the Magic School Bus YoungScientist Clubkits, in which the one-off items like agar and gel crystals are included.This product is way overpriced given how many uncommon or bulk-sized items you must purchase to make these experiments work. One of the easiest and cheapest science experiments I did with my kids was the diet soda and Mentosgeyser kitwe picked up in our grocery aisle for five bucks (including the 2-liter soda).But the biggest missing ingredient in this kit is the lack of girls represented in the materials describing the experiments. Every single one of the otherwise well written and interesting 24-page booklet features a boy. Seriously, did Larry Summers, the former Harvard president, who said that the dearth of women in science and engineering was due to aptitude and not discrimination and socialization, help design this kit?At the impressionable target age of 8 and older, science projects should be accessible, affordable and interesting. This SmartLab product misses on all three counts and deserves only 1 star. Stick with Ms. Frizzle and her diverse crew for gender-freesciencefun.
honestly any positive hype over this figure is over rated. I've been collecting Mattel DC stuff since the very first zipline Batman and I gotta say this figure is a complete let down and a sign that the Mattel retail team hasn't  clue what they heck they are doing...first off the scale makes no sense, i'm not even sure what the heck line this is supposed to be in scale with, DCUC, arkham stuff, who knows but somehow it doesn't fit with any of them. It's like a misfit scale, something the Mattel team has been really good at since the death of DCUC. the head is too small, like way too small and the lack of ab crunch is completely utterly inexcusable....once again no functional rocker ankles either...my advice, skip this confused mess of a toy and go DIRECTLY to the DC Collectibles Arkham Origins version.  This AND the Deathstroke from Mattel are some of the strangest and most awkward figures they have ever put out. clearly the production team is confused, or nobody knows what a ruler is, or maybe none of them even collect...because if a REAL collector worked there they wouldn't be passing these off as &#34;adult collector&#34; figures...
I can't tell you how disappointed I am in the Mattel Hot Wheels Ballistiks Rapid Fire Blaster Playset. It seemed like the perfect new item to capture a little bit of the Transformer spirit into the classic Hot Wheels model. The cars that are designed to shoot out of the Blaster actually roll into a ball (great idea). Theoretically, they level out once they've been launched. Good luck on that one! As that seems to be the primary design feature, the product really falls short in every way. It isn't much different from having a ping pong gun because the car remains in a spherical shape.Pros:Excellent IdeaCons:Only One Car IncludedCars Don't Function As PromisedPrice For FunctionalityLittle Sustained PlayabilityLaser Feature That Has Little Use Or PurposeI believe that products need to do what they say in their advertising. Mattel missed the mark on this one. KGHarris, 4/13.
The problem with all these knex angry birds toys is that they need to collapse on impact, but be sturdy enough to build in the first place.  Knex seems to have fox use do the falling apart thing, the set is near impossible to put together.My son was in tears, and I had a headache and no patience left when we finally gave up.  We are not novice lego people! but this is crazy.  Ill never buy another one.  I'm keeping the cute bird figures, and throwing out the rest.f
My son was so excited to get this kit but unfortunately became frustrated once the building started. I stepped in to take over and in a very short time I became frustrated too. The kit is not like the electronic ones I had when I was a kid. This one uses materials that are so cheap that it makes it almost impossible to build your project.Contents: 13 Resistors, 1 IC TBA 820, 4 BC 547 Transistors, 1 White LED, 4 Green LEDs, 2 Ceramic Capacitors, 6 Electrolytic Capacitors, 1 Loudspeaker, 1 Battery Terminal, 5 m Black Wire & 5 m Red Wire, 1 Audio Jack, 1 Plastic Tool, 30 Brass Fasteners, 25 Springs, 1 Flashlight & Reflector Panel, 1 Reading Lamp Panel & Shade, 1 Contact Alarm Panel, 1 Loudspeaker Panel, 1 Morse Code & Switch Panel, 9 Printed Circuit Boards, Detailed Instruction Manual. (9 Volt Battery Not Included)Make an alarm to protect your things. Construct a loudspeaker for your music. Assemble a reading lamp and a flashlight. Create and send Morse code messages from your own unit. Become an electrical engineer and build eight awesome gadgets that really work!PROS:* The direction book is excellent, using simple explanations of electricity and easy to follow instructions.* The packaging is very nice and the layout of the parts are well designated.CONS:* You can only make one item at a time. Many of the parts are shared between items.* The tiny boxes (such as the speaker case, the flashlight case...etc.) are made of super cheap cardboard and will not hold up to simple use and it makes building very difficult.* Connecting the wires is a near impossible task. The wire is super thin braided wire and the connectors are brass clips that you wrap the wire around. If my kid was not in the room I would have said some things I would have regretted. Aggravation doesn't even begin to express how mad I was at this cheap crap. The wire falls off very easily. No screws like one would have in a real electronic kit.* The kit comes with a tool. Throw it away. It's worthless.* The kit is not self-contained. You still need other parts but nothing you can't easily find.* The wire connections are so flimsy that even after getting your project built it has more shorts then the island of Bermuda.* Over-priced for this low-end product.Not Recommended
This toy is really cool looking but the negatives about it are too high to make Deathstroke a worthy purchase.The gun has a notch to clip on his thigh as opposed to a holster, the weapons can't be held in his hands and you'd think he would have an alternate head with no mask since the toy has hardly no poseability. I'd suggest buying any other Deathstroke toy before buying this crap version.
Our experience so far:5/1/14: Written to their customer support:My mother spend an insane amount of money buying my children the leappad ultra in order to help my 4 year old catch up to a pre k level (he has terrible eyesight that was recently diagnosed and glasses purchased, but not being able to see has put him behind) and to help my 6 year old with his first grade skills.While setting it up for me, she was going to purchase 5 apps to get them started. The first problem was that your system rejected her credit card the entire "buy within 2 hours to receive 30% off" period.I called. They said she had a different name from mine and she needed to call to add her information to the billing information. She called and did this, I was to receive an email within an hour confirming this had been done. 3 hours later, I had no email but attempted to purchase the apps through the leappad as instructed.There was no billing information on the account. It rejected MY credit card. I called again. They claimed all the errors were due to the CVV number being wrong. Neither of us have EVER had a problem with this on any other online purchases, anywhere. They told me to try again, as I finally received that first email confirming the billing changes were made.Again, the leapfrog account showed NO billing information in it's records. I tried putting my mother's credit card and mine into the account information and directly into the checkout page. Again nothing but errors.Called again and was rudely told it was on our end and asked had we checked the bank. Again we told them we had never had trouble with our CVV numbers.The rep offered to send a report "to determine if the error was on our end or theirs". He told me it would be Monday before we heard back from them. Keep in mind the 30% offer is only good the first day of registration. Keep in mind I have a 4 year old and a 6 year old that will be super excited to have their own tablet but nothing (other than 3 simple apps) to do with it until Monday. I HAVE TO DEAL WITH THEIR DISAPPOINTMENT.The rep was kind enough to supposedly add a note so that we will eventually get our 30% off, only after I insisted.My mother called back. There were no supervisors available (naturally). The most she could get out of their indifference was to put a rush on the request. Supposedly we will hear from them this evening instead of Monday. Considering how long the 1 hour email took, I am not holding my breath.We have already decided that if this situation is not corrected quickly, we will return your product and proceed to spread the word to all of our friend and social networks. It seems ridiculous that your company would disappoint children and cause this much trouble just to RECEIVE money.5/2/14 : so far they tell me they are 'looking into why my mother's card won't work' and gave me a 20% off coupon for future purchases... not sure how to use it since I can freaking make a first purchase... Also no mention on why MY card won't work on their system. No mention on customer service's indifference to our problem.5/3/14 : No word. The 30% off offer is no longer showing on our cart. My CC is still not being accepted. My children still don't have the apps they were promised to play and learn with. I am SO upset with Leap Frog.5/6/14: Another email from them. They claim that my mother's information has been updated in the billing system. The stupid thing still won't accept either of our cards to pay with and the 30% off deal is expired. I am thinking that both of the introductory deals are scams at this point. Buy apps within the first 2 hour (or day) and get 30% off!!!! Ha ha, you can't make a purchase.
This doll looked so pretty in the picture, and the other 2 reviews of it were so positive....when we got ours, it looked like she had been played with!  The hair was greasy-looking and the right side of her hairdo was messed up, almost as if she had stuck her head out a car window.  I didn't bother taking her out of the box, my Sofia-fan-in-residence took one look and said &#34;NO!&#34; ...and put her back into the Amazon box.  I did notice that the dress this doll wears is not exactly what Sofia wears -- the character's dress has the flower design only around the hem, whereas this doll has it all over the skirt...and the doll's tiara is white, not silver like the character.  Don't know if this would deter some kids, I just thought it would bear mentioning, in case your child is detail-oriented.
Does very little.  The pens are basically useless no matter their temperature.  we ended up with tears over the disappointment of this gift.
Nope. I wanted to love this kit but the price point and the quality of the materials inside are going to upset most consumers. The money for the kit could be spent buying better tools to conduct the same experiments. And yes, the kit does offer the experiments ready made (debatable with poor materials quality) but these same activities and many more are easily found online for free with better instructions using household items and better inspiration. So no, not a recommendation for your favorite scientist child.
Really? It's called a &#34;magic&#34; pen, so I thought that the letters would magically erase so that we could reuse the pages. This is like an expensive workbook. Use once and then done. Argh.
Well, this was a big fat disappointment, in more ways than one.  I realize that part of my disappointment is my fault....I didn't realize just *how* tiny it would be.  Not that my son cared....this was his first power ranger and to him, it was the greatest thing ever, so who cares, right?Until less than 24 hours into ownership, the leg comes apart and won't go back together.  The thigh of the power ranger is actually two plastic pieces that fit together and go through the hip socket to create the leg and flexible hip.  Well, the plastic came apart (I watched it happen....he really wasn't being rough at all, just normal play), and once it did, its too loose to go back together.  I keep putting the leg back together but a mere tap and it falls off again.  I'm hoping some Krazy glue will remedy this, but I have to order that on amazon as well!
Unfortunately, this kit is not ready-to-go and create all the featured experiments. Instead, only a few activities are ready to launch straight out of the box and those aren't the coolest ones either. Given its marketing, I think it should be more full-featured or more upfront about the minimum amount of engagement included behind the cardboard case.Disappointing.
The tracks are no where near able to stay on the ramps.  I am going to have to tape them down.  The holes are too big for the plugs.  Makes me highly irritated that I spent money on something that's so poorly made.
If your little one isn't big on having Sunset Shimmer, avoid this pack altogether and get one of the other Twilights. The hair is a really cheap microthin hair that knots in minutes compared to the regular cheap nylon pony hair (which isn't great but better than this). I am anticipating having to behead, shave and reroot Sunset Shimmer when her head becomes a knarly mess--which will probably happen next week even though my 4 year old is gentle (luckily her mom has experience, tools and patience to fix dolls). I will probably just replace Twilight with one of he others on sale. It also should be noted that Sunset Shimmer's arms are jointed while Twiligt's are not. I know Hasbro did this so you could get Sunset's jacket off, but t is a shame they didn't just sell her as a single deluxe doll instead of being greedy and selling two dolls with extra hair as a two-pack. The faces are very cute. Love the cutie mark on Sunset's leg. My daughter seems extra excited to have the "rebel" pony girl, too, so I give it 2 instead of one stars for that.
Like many other four year old girls my daughter is in love with all things Lalaloopsy related. She has a number of the mini doll figures and we thought this would be a perfect way for her to play with them all. Initially it was fun, but many of the parts are too hard to move and the front piece that secures the roller coaster doesn't stay intact if the house is bumped at all. We've now super glued the pencil piece that connects the green base to the roller coaster and it stays together better, but it's still not great quality.Overall this is a cute toy and easily played with on a smooth surface, but if moved the pieces will not stay intact. A good "play house" but not great for the so-called movable pieces like the balloon and roller coaster.
It seems I made an error in my review. Several people have pointed out that you do not need an iphone to work these toys. Thank you, other reviewers for correcting my mistake.This toy was chosen from a Vine list because it looked like it would be a blast, lots of fun. When choosing the item I read the following description: This 2 Blaster Battle Pack has everything you and a friend need for solo, team and multiplayer LAZER TAG campaigns! It is my fault that I did not have the time to research the product further before ordering. You need an iphone or ipod to work the games, and if two people want to play, you need two iphones or ipods. I could not get anyone I know to lend me their brand new, expensive phones or pods so that the kids could try out the tag game. It seems like the Lazer tag app is free to download, but in addition to the cost of the dual pack game, be prepared to buy a phone or pod if your friends and relatives don't want theirs out of service while being bounced around in the plastic housing of the tag guns. In the past it had been bad enough to get a new game and not be able to use it because you need to go out and get batteries, now I find that I need to go out and upgrade my ancient cell phone too. Before buying the product, be fair to yourself and the manufacturer and read the reviews written by people who actually have everything they and their friends need to play.
She's pretty, but claw hands? Seriously, ugh. I've had enough claw hands on these dolls. They are in an unnatural pose that makes her look like she's about to rip your face open. The stock pics don't show these hands... But when I got her she had them. I promptly returned her.
A little disappointed with the quality compared to Christmas trains purchased several years ago. The track and train are much lighter and the cars are just black box cars unlike the detail in the cars of past years. My grandson still likes it though.
It only took a matter of a few minutes to click the parts of this blaster together, which was very nice. Then, I turned it over to a nine-year-old girl to play with, while I did some housework. In quite literally 15 minutes, she came to me with the blaster saying that it was broken. I didn't believe it, and checked it out myself. Sure enough, the bolt can be pulled back the whole distance, but can only be pushed forward halfway.I must admit that I don't know what she did to the blaster to make it go wrong, but she is familiar with Nerf products, and her age is within their recommended limit. As such, I can only thing that I can think of is that something went terribly wrong with Nerf's play-testing, and they did not detect a major design flaw.The blaster is useless now, after only 15 minutes of play, and that is way, way too short. There's a problem with this toy, and I really recommend against anyone buying it. I normally like Nerf guns, but I don't like this one.(Review of Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster)
Very short review, the Nerf Centurion jams after the 4th dart and shreds the darts.  In the trash it went, my grandson was so disappointed and so was I.  All I can really say is don't waste your money.
Her hair has no gel and it comes messed up.The dots on her face look really ugly and people call her pretty.On the second day I bought her in the morning when she was on her stand I took her off her stand and her legs came off. I spent about $30 on that doll for nothing so I wouldn't get her.Plus the doll is nothing but s***.
You will see other reviews here with the same info. but I just had to say it again.  Please do not give Mega Bloks your money for this item.  My poor 3 year old daughter would get one piece of lego or one ladder or just a few blocks that she could do nothing with while her brother got the Lego City advent calendar which was amazing.  It's not worth saving the money to see your little one cry.  Shame on you Mega Bloks.  Not to mention the quality but that is to be expected when you're paying less, I understand that.  I got my Lego City advent caledar on sale so it was only $10 more than this one and one and was amazing.
This adventure park looks like a good a idea but its a billion little pieces, the park does not go together easily.  My kids didn't get to play with it even once :(  Threw it out!
Hi, Elmo.  Remember your first major hit at retail--the classic Tickle Me Elmo?  Who didn't have one or know somebody who had one?  You even made adults laugh with that infectious giggle.  Then there were all the sequels to Tickle Me Elmo.  Frankly, I don't really remember them all that well.  No offense, Elmo, but your first act was tough to follow.  Then, I had the chance to bring you into my life again for my two 2-year-old daughters (twins), who love to watch you on TV.  How could they not fall in love with a version of you that would hug them and talk to them?  Or so was my thinking.  Then you showed up, in a rather large box, I might add.  You were bigger than I imagined you would be.  Then there were those strange arms of yours that were too long and too skinny.  They were like spider legs, only red.  They didn't scare my daughters, but they scared me a bit.  What have you done to yourself?!?  Once I got past the arm oddity, I figured the talking and hugging would win over my daughters.  Unfortunately, you seemed to have a mind of your own--talking and hugging only when it was convenient for you, not predictably when you were hugged.  How can you not hug back when a 2-year-old hugs you?  Are you heartless?  Then, I turned to the instructions, which were printed on a leaflet in the box.  There, I learned that you had a button in your left foot that could be depressed in order to activate many different fun and engaging interactions with my daughters.  I pushed the button like a mad man, and you just sat there looking at us all blankly, scarcely chattering or doing much of anything.  Have you grown vain in your celebrity status?  Do something, I thought!  I even went so far as to double-check the batteries that I put into you to see if they were fully charged.  Yep.  It wasn't that.  Sheesh.  As they say, first impressions are lasting, and you have already fallen many rungs on the ladder, as my daughters opt to play with their plastic dishes and flatware, rather than waiting for you to do something.  What a disappointment.  Can we just go back to tickling and giggling?
My almost 3-year-old son got this as a Christmas present. I thought he would really enjoy it, and given that it was a Crayola product, I had high hopes.We eventually sat him down in front of it and gave him a marker. He scribbled on the board, looked a little confused, and said it didn't work. I gave him another marker, same deal. I thought for sure he must be doing something wrong (e.g., not pressing hard enough), but no dice. All four markers barely made any marks on the surface.I figured maybe we got a bum lot of markers, so maybe I could just find some new markers and it would be all good, right? Apparently not, according to others' reviews here, which I'm glad I checked before purchasing new markers.So basically this product fails miserably at its only function.I'm so sorry we threw out the packaging before we tested it out. I never thought a Crayola product would be this disappointing. Now I can't even return it.
This mat provides a lot of function and a really cute presentation. Unfortunately, it is very obvious that you will be engaging in a Vegas level game of chance when it comes to whether or not your markers will actually work with your mat.If you get lucky and get great markers, then you will have a really nice set with a roll up mat that reduces to basically the footprint of a yoga mat (although not quiet as thick). When your eraser solution runs out, it is no big deal as you can wipe off the markers with the included towel. This is good because the eraser solution goes fast unless it is more effective on the quality markers than it was on my weakly colored ones. To erase a couple of words used a good 15 to 20% of the solution.Bottom line: if you get good markers, this is a nice set and a good value. Otherwise, you will need to call and wait for replacement markers which rules this out as the ideal gift.
This toy is a box full of tiny pieces ready to be lost.  The songs and theme are all about pet fashion and glamour.  I know it is a grooming shop but could not be more frivolous and insulting to little girls (and to groomers!).  Why not Minnie the vet?
I was excited to get this for our toddler.  With that said - this thing just falls apart. It does not stay together very well nor does it fold up easily.  Very very disappointed with this toy.  Finally gave up, packed it into a box and gave it away.  Definitely not worth the money.
This figure shares the same buck as the A.i.m figure. I like the A.i.m fig very much, this fig... well not so. The gun is a repaint of the hydra gun i think and it really looks goofy. Further more, there is no way to hold the rifle properly.The are a couple of Marvel legends punisher guns on ebay, i think you can get them to compliment this figure.Details of this figure is however amazing. Personally, i prefer the masked head sculpt.
Don't waste your money with this basic version now that the &#34;Ultimate Edition&#34; is out and less then $10 more. I found out about the Ultimate Edition about 2 minutes after I opened this version so I'm screwed. Maybe I can help you. The Ultimate Edition comes with all the characters, skins, missions, and DLC. This version is incomplete. It's missing 6 characters and you have to pay $4.99 per character to have them all. I'm really starting to lose my passion for video gaming because of where the industry is leading it. Remember when you could buy a game and you'd get everything for the game included on the disk/cartridge? Now there is no reason to purchase a game at launch. Just wait and buy your games 6 months to a year later and you can get the complete edition with all the DLC included at a better price then the original. YOU FAIL GAMING INDUSTRY, YOU FAIL!&#34;Injustice: Gods Among Us&#34; is a great fighting game which you should play if you enjoy DC or fighting games; just make sure not to waste your money on the standard version.
I was so looking forward to getting this for my autistic son. It has a camera and he LOVES to take photos. In about a week, I went through a 48 pack of AA batteries. This is INSANE. This never happened with the LeapPad 1. Not worth the trouble or the money.
To wit, hard to assemble and 3.5 year old lost the interest very fast. The end. Yes,I know it says the age is 4 to 15 but this one usually has no problems with the toys for 4 year olds.
I purchased the Rubber Loom Bands Kit - 6000 pc Rubber Band Bracelet Refill Pack with Clips here on Amazon.  EACH pack of rubber bands contained  a blue hook like the one pictured.  Its very small and looks like they are manufactured by the 1000s so they are probably worth less than a penny apiece.  I do use them, tho.  But I have also gotten metal hooks at Michaels the same size that are a much better quality for 1.50 apiece.  I have seen these for sale on Ebay.  there is a close up of just a hook so it looks sizeable, and the price is 3.50.  there is also a tiny gold colored plastic hook that comes free in some packs of the DIY metallic bands that are being displayed the same way on Ebay.  It has a little more weight to it than these, but, once again, basically a throw away.
This reminds me of 80s technology in a new coat with a much bigger price tag.  If it is not doing the same motion over and over it certainly looks like it.  My daughter lost interest in this almost immediately even though she is the one that wanted it.  I wish it would run away and leave my the money I spent on the table or something.
The front of this box indicates that this game can be played with 2 players. After reading the instructions it was clear to me that this in no way would work with 2 players. It would work with 3 players, but even then it wouldn't work well. I'd recommend having 4 or more players to make this game work. You need to vote for other players, and you can not vote for yourself. That really doesn't work with 2 players.The front of the box also indicates that the game is for 5+ years old players. This game requires reading and understanding of concepts though not complicated, are a little advanced for a 5 year old. I think the sweat spot for this game may be between 8 and 14 years old.
My little huntress has wanted a slingshot for a while, because after all, who can pretend to be Link without a slingshot to go along with the Master Sword and bow and arrows? And her bow and arrow set is by Zing, and we've been pleased with the overall performance of it. So what happened here?!Direct quote from the seven year old &#34;I don't use it because I can't even get it to shoot.&#34; Ball placement is difficult because the balls have reinforced grooves that must be perfectly matched up to the pegs before pulling. I have a hard time getting mastering the coordination it takes to make this thing work, I can't imagine the frustration little hands must feel. My idea was to add this to our Nerf gun lineup, but whoever got stuck with this would be &#34;dead&#34; in a second.Further, the package boasts that the balls are soft. They are NOT even close to soft. They're made of a super-dense foam type material, and while I haven't had the courage to allow myself to get shot with one (sorry, I can only go so far for a review!) I did hit it against my skin to see if it maybe had any give. It didn't. Yeah, so much for that Nerf gun fight, this thing needs to be relegated to target practice, only.What I can say, is that IF you can get the balls to shoot, they really do go far. So that's kind of a good thing, but combined with the fact the balls are specialized (and you only get two), if you loose them, you're out of luck. I guess this is good for the company that makes refills, but from a consumer standpoint, it's highly annoying.  And since the balls are incredibly hard for this type of toy, woe be unto anyone close to the shooter who managed to get a good pull.I can give Zing points for trying to find a creative way to make a new slingshot, but I think the Huntress Zing Shot reiterates that sometimes, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
It would have ordinarily seemed strange that I had to research rubber bands before buying a bunch of different sets, including this one, for our children. But since rainbow loom is the rage these days, I had to make sure I ordered sets that my boys would be happy with! That being said, I wanted sets that weren't overpriced (I saw other listings for $20 for 300 rubber bands!), came with sufficient supply of S or C clips, and were shipped by Amazon so that I could get Prime shipping. This set met all criteria. The boys are happy campers having received the rubber bands in 2 days!I ordered this set only because it said it was glow-in-the-dark. Turns out it's not. It was in the packaging that is pictured here and had the same title printed on it, so I know I received the correct product. This is the reason I rate it low - because it doesn't glow in the dark as advertised.If you are buying several sets of rubber bands in different colors, I highly recommend an organizer. I boughtArtBin 6-Compartment Tarnish Inhibitor Medium Box, Translucent Clearand it is a great way to keep all the rubber bands organized and, more importantly, avoid rubber bands from being scattered all over the house!
This toy is being used by a 2 1/2 year old boy. Opening the package was easy. As soon as the little boy saw the toy he was very excited about it. He loves movable toys and this one fit the bill.He used it once and did not like it. Instead he uses it (a lot) to transport his stuffed toys. He puts them on and "rides" them. The wheels move very well but it is being used on hardwood floor. Overall the little boy thinks it is a fun toy to play with.If you are looking for a cutesie toy, this might be it. The only caveat is that the bottom is very hard and when the little boy picked it up and put it on his aunt's lap, she was slammed hard.***UPDATE***The toy design is faulty because it will flip over when the kid rides the toy. The handle is close to the middle and will force the kid to sit too far back causing the toy to flip. Kids that ride it will probably end up running over the adult's toes as it scoots very well.
Use caution as we received a knock off that was in a Anna box and not close to a Disney doll.
Bought for my daughter and we sent it back.  Poor quality overall and $40 is way overpriced for what you get.  Doesn't do anything other than play music lowly.  Doll was OK, but still returned.
This K'NEX toy is made of LEGO like pieces that are compatible with standard LEGO pieces.There are two Birds and three pigs which are the best part of this toy and probably the only thing your kids will play with after a week.The K'NEX pieces are not well made and don't fit together snugly like regular LEGO.  Because of this, it is frustrating to build any of the towers because they tend to fall apart before you are done. The instability makes it so when you shoot the birds at the towers they fall apart easily.The catapult is powered by squeezing hard on the birds so the bird squirts out at the tower. This requires some muscle power and may be beyond the ability of some younger children and I don't like this feature.Overall, only buy it to collect the little birds and piggies. Otherwise save your money.If you found this review helpful please give it a thumbs up below. Thanks!
Those were the first words out of my 4-year-old granddaughter's mouth when we opened the box. And frankly, I don't blame her.The box promises "Puzzles, games, coloring pages and more". It says there's a 100 page activity book inside. Well... I can't say there's any false advertising here. But it sure was a lot less than we expected.First of all, our idea of an "activity book" is something that typically includes stickers (a big hit with most little kids), various games, and diverse other entertainments, including mazes and coloring pages. The activity book that comes with this set is really nothing more than a coloring book. No stickers; very few other "activities", and those that are there are really extremely lame.The shoulder bag that comes with it is virtually useless other than to transport the "activity book" and the markers.The markers themselves are almost useless. VERY poor ink flow. Lousy quality.The munchkin was bored out of her mind with this set in under ten minutes.If I were buying this set in a store, I'd value it at under ten bucks. As of right now, it's selling here on Amazon for thirty. You're paying for the Disney name, IMO.
My daughter loves the Mariposa movies and was excited to try the Barbie doll. The doll itself is very pretty with potential for a lot of fun. However, after assembling the wings and playing with the doll for less than an hour, the mechanism broke. Now we have a doll with limp wings and no way to fix it. It's also very limited in that you can't change the clothes easily nor take the wings off once you have them on. For the price, I guess I expected better quality.
It was an awesome gift for my 7 year old step daughter until about 3 weeks later when the lights stayed on, would not change color and finally ran the battery dead.  I'm very disappointed because this, in my opinion, was not a cheap gift.
Not much fun, poorly designed, and poorly constructed.This is our first (and will likely be our only) Take N Play.The set has very limited play value. You put Thomas in the shark's mouth, close it's mouth, and Thomas goes down the ramps to end up at the bottom. Oh, and triggering Thomas also makes a small plastic shark drop into a plastic tank car that Thomas can pull. Even if it could consistently function, it would be pretty boring.The plastic is cheap and flexible, and the connections for the moving parts are very loose. This makes it very difficult to keep the elevated sections of track lined up. When you operate the shark's mouth, the whole setup moves and bends.The tank car is a solid piece of plastic. The wheels aren't real. The car, when attached to Thomas, just floats in back of him.The small plastic shark is very small. It is definitely a choking hazard for young children.For a Take N Play, the pieces don't really stay contained in the play set when it is folded up since it does't form a case. The afore mentioned small shark falls out easily, and even the train cars can fall out.I don't recommend this.
Another piece of junk that did not last 5 minutes.  Very sorry that we ordered 2 nerf guns and they both failed before they could even be played with.
Would not recommend this.  Disappointed with the product.  It was used 1 time if that and set aside.  Oh well.
barbie came with bent up wings and knotted up hair. this barbie is cheap because it looks very cheap. my daughter liked it, but I wouldn't buy it again.
I bought this for a Christmas present for children ages 4,5 & 9 years old. They were really excited to play with it after playing with their cousin's Hungry Hippo game, but quickly lost interest after it kept getting stuck. This only got about 10 minutes of play time before it was put away. It took longer to assemble. I should have paid more attention to the other reviews. Thankfully, I had gotten the kids other, better toys and games.
My daughter grew up playing with My Little Pony and getting one for my granddaughter felt wonderfully familiar.  However, this toy may look familiar but it not like the toys my daughter loved.  This one walks and talks and its head even bobbles a little.And yet somehow none of this adds to the toy in the least.  Unless adding an annoying factor to the toy is a goal.  If anything, the phrases the pony says and the giggling detract from the overall imaginative play experience that a child could have.  Rather than make the toy say something, my granddaughter just had to push a button and let it go.  And go it did, in shuffling circles.  I admit, it made me giggle a few times but she quickly returned to playing with the stuffed lamb that didn't make any sounds and her stuffed panda that is likewise silent.Less is definitely more and in a world where children can see how their toy should behave in a cartoon rather than creating a personality to go with it, this toy is nothing but cute.  Good for a few giggles but quickly cast aside and forgotten.  My son, in fact, told me that my granddaughter has picked up a few times, played with it for a few minutes, and then moves on to something more interesting.  This toy simply cannot amuse or interest her longer than a few moments, at best.  And if that's it's best, it's really not a very good toy.
My parents had gotten Hungry Hippos for my son to play at their house when he visits.  His is newly 3 and loved it so much it, they sent Hungry Herd for Christmas.  What a disapointment!  When we opened it, the lamb was broken, not only was the spring that works the head placed in such a way that it was not able to operate but the head and neck fell off, unable to be reconnected.  The plastic marbles do not all fit into the compartment underneath the game and we are going to end up throwing it into the garbage and ordering another one in hopes that it is in better shape.  Having to throw away a brand new toy because of poor craftsmanship on Christmas morning was not a nice thing.  Hungry Hippos seemed to just be better designed and made even though it is definately cheaper than it was when I was a kid.
This Shark Exhibit Thomas the Train toy is a bit unusual.  My daughter loves trains, so we thought this would be a great fit for her, but ultimately it mostly falls flat.  She primarily plays with the little train on its own, without really using the exhibit very much at all.First of all, the connection between the train theme and the shark exhibit is somewhat tenuous.  It's not really clear to anyone in our home why there is a train in an aquarium or why a shark would be dropping down small platforms into a tiny tank.  The giant shark head that opens and closes is fun, and our daughter occasionally likes to "hide" the train in its mouth, but that's really about the extent of the enjoyment we get from the whole shark setup.The other issue is with the intended portability of the toy.  It does fold up, but the consequence of that is that the top train track doesn't stay together very well and is quite weak.  The added benefit of portability doesn't seem that fabulous - we have never packed this toy up to take it anywhere and I doubt that we would do that with a toy with so many small parts (the train, the tank, the shark) that could easily get lost in transport.I can't really recommend this toy - there are a ton of better quality and more educational train toys out there.  I would suggest investing in one of those.
Bought it for my daughter. She interacts with it with the furby boom application I downloaded to my ipad. She likes to play with it, but I find she is spending too much time on the ipad. The batteries seemed to only last one day. I have tried using different brands of batteries but they were all drained out within a day. Now it is just sitting on the shelf collecting dust as I do not want to buy any more batteries.
Nice gun. Looks good and has good weight. I've had it for a few days and it's a lot of fun. Only drawback that I've seen it that it jams relatively easily. In a serious nerf fight that could mean the difference between victory or getting a nerf dart stuck in your ear.update:Had it for a while now. Correction. It jams a lot!
Nice carrying case. Good design, pretty high quality. Room to snugly fit pens, and also fit the activity book. The activity book is large and will last quite awhile.So why two stars? The pens are all horrible. Simply the worst pens I've ever seen. And not just one or two which could have been attributed to perhaps chance. ALL OF THEM. So faint they are just useless. So you are left with finding not only your own pens, but your own pens that fit the carrying case. The carrying case is the only reason I didn't rate it one star, it is nice and useful, assuming the pens had worked.I had high hopes for this, it is a great idea. Disney fairly ruined it with ultra-cheep pens. Had they worked though this is still around a $20 item. And even that is pushing it. And that is mostly for the bag. Better off buying an activity book and a separate carrying case or using something you already had. Unless I got a freakishly bad, entire set, of pens I cannot recommend it.
We have the same problem that someone else mentioned.  The lights get stuck on, and the only way we can shut the toy off is to remove the batteries.  That is particularly a PITA because the battery compartment is screwed shut.  This toy was defective out of the box.  Unfortunately, we bought it through the Amazon Marketplace, and not directly from Amazon.  Since it was a Christmas present, we didn't even put batteries in it until 6 weeks after it was purchased.  I would have been able to return it if I had purchased it directly from Amazon.  Buyer beware.  Too bad, because my daughter really loves it.  I think I'll replace it with a Cloud B constellation night light, like my other child has.
The doll looks beautiful in the box, but once removed the concept gets in the way of play. So, I wonder if this doll is meant to be left in the box as a display piece because the process to unfurl the wings, and fold down the wings is a bit clunky and awkward for a child. Additionally, it creates more of a mechanical toy, like a Transformer, than a doll.The backpack contraption permanently installed in the back of the doll is intrusive both visually and practically. The mechanism does not operate smoothly. And, the glitter on the wings seemed to get on everything, again causing me to think that perhaps the doll should be left in the box as a display item rather than used as an actual toy.It is clear that the intention was creative but the execution unsuccessful. It might have been preferable to just create a less high-tech, more flexible costume that included Mariposa wings that could be worn by simply slipping the doll's arms through a loop at each shoulder, and when the child tired of that, remove the wings and perhaps slip on a beautiful long skirt to create the idea of a ball gown for the Fairy Princess.I wanted to like the doll, loved the way it looked, but the functionality simply was not there.
No accessories! Not sure how to get them. I will not be sending this back, they just need to send me the accessories! Not sure whose fault it is, Amazon or Mattel but I will be making some calls. Also I am not the only one that had this problem.
Actually trying to launch the bird using the Knex doesn't work well at all, and the blocks you knock over don't have enough weight to make the physics anything like the game. A small child who loves Angry Birds might like it a little, but as a game it's not well designed and not very playable. Not recommended.
My daughter was disappointed in these. They don't really glow in the dark much. I thought they seemed less stretchy than the standard rainbow loom rubber bands so I'm not sure how well they're going to hold up. I guess we'll have to wait and see. I wouldn't buy them again.
Our Elsa arrived with no shoes on, even though the package clearly shoes the doll in blue sparkly shoes. Other reviewers mentioned shoes as well. I'm very disappointed as is my daughter.
We own the original and played the Star Trek version at a friend's house. We found the Star Trek version to be very visually confusing. Here are reasons why I recommend buying (or staying with) the original version of Settlers of Catan and not this game:1. The number circles show a radar type graphic with the numbers less likely to be rolled having a smaller radar area (sorry, I really can't explain it) that makes it much harder to tell the frequency when placing settlements/outposts at the beginning of the game. Also the numbers are smaller if they are less likely to be rolled making it very difficult to find the 12 and 2 when gathering resources.2. The game pieces are all raised on little pedestal pieces. They are two separate parts, so you have to put them together before you can do anything with them (like a plastic champagne glass). I'd prefer simpler pieces. More importantly, they are tall and block the view of the board making it hard to see the numbers when gathering resources. Also, they are plastic and look very delicate.3. The dice have really rounded corners, so it takes forever for them to fall when spinning on a corner.  For some reason the pips on the dice are different colors (one die has blue and the other has red). Not important, just a little thing that I thought was silly and unnecessary.4. The &#34;Food&#34; in the new game is yellow/gold and yet it does not correspond to &#34;wheat&#34; from the original game for building purposes. This really threw us off since we are so familiar with the original version.5. The development cards are too similar to the resource cards when looking at the backs. The backs should have been a different color and different graphic so that you can clearly see which cards are which.6. Adding the Star Trek theme to the original game concept does not really enhance the game play at all. The only difference in game play is the addition of a set of cards that allow you to avoid or change certain elements of the game. For instance, one card allows you ignore the effects of a rolled 7, another allows you to move your star ship (road equivalent). My friends didn't even use these cards because they felt it was too complicated. If you already own the original, this one is not different enough to justify buying it.
I read the directions and decided to just make up my own to play with the kids.  It was similar to theirs but I used all the award cards to give a more variety of rewards and I put the tokens on each card.  This is one of those games where no one really wins because everyone gets a token each round.  You can make the gold coin tabs be the object to win and the person with the most gold tabs wins the game.  My kids said to put in my review that it was a fun, funnier, fun game.  Take that anyway you want.  I was not impressed with the gameplay but the way it got  you to be goofy as a family.  It is like acting out events in the silliest way possible.  Here are a few: Everyone act like you are shrinking, pretend to blow out huge candles, and pretend to be an opera singer.  Interesting to see how some kids act out things differently than adults.  We had fun laughing together and acting things out but the set up and presentation of the game itself is lacking.  You have four sets of cards, all play, solo play, partner play, and Award cards.  It also comes with a clown nose to wear but not sure why.  The direction say the clown nose is to be worn to loosen up and get comfortable being silly.  I thought this was pointless to the over all game.  We didn't even use it.  I tried it on and my daughter tried it but we both found the hard plastic to be to uncomfortable to wear.  With many more games to choose from there are better family games out there.  If you are looking for charade cards then this is for you.
My wife and I have 5 different versions (Original, Star Wars, Disney, w/ Speed die & Millionaire). Empire, however, is barely Monopoly. Plus, this game is just a bunch of advertisements. Monopoly is THE most popular board game of all time. Almost every home in America has at least 1 copy and has been around for generations. Who paid who for these companies to show up on the board? Hasbro most definitely did not pay Coca-Cola for their name and logo to be part of this game. So Hasbro has already received a ton of cash from these companies to appear in the game and now asking us to pay for the privledge to play a game of advertisements? Come on.
I can't find anything about this toy that I like.  The set includes 3 small tubs of a clay like substance called Morphix.  Unlike clay or Play-Doh, Morphix is abrasive and can damage wood surfaces.My 7 year old nephew played with this set for about 20 minutes, after which time he declared it "boring".  That was also 20 minutes of my life that I spent hovering over him, making sure that he didn't accidentally get it on my wood table and damage the finish.  This toy won't be making a reappearance in my house.
first of all I regret buying it but my son loves it. and a lot of the apps are very fun and full of great learning concepts but  I don't like 3 main things:1. the apps are too expensive - In reading reviews before purchasing this, I don't remember anyone mentioning how expensive the apps are. I can't figure out how this can stay competitive on a market like this with all the other tablet options for kids. on average most apps are like $7 versus $.99 for apps with an ipad. and you have to buy the apps constantly; actually you have to buy them like weekly because the kids go through the apps like a thirsty person drinks water in the desert. the apps should be $2-3 at the most.  Some are $25! just robbery! capitalism at it's worst2. everything you need for the thing is, of course, sold separately.  it only runs on batteries for maybe 2-3 hours so either buy rechargeable ones or you are spending a lot in batteries every few days. the charger and the headphones and the case are all separate and each costs about $20 a piece. just robbery! thievery! if we are paying $100 for the gadget, everything should be included. by the time you pay for the device, the apps, and the attachments, you would have a brand new ipad. in fact, it's cheaper to buy an ipad and buy $.99 apps than buy this thing.3. this device does not have Wi-Fi. I knew it didn't when I bought it but didn't realize how burdensome it would be to constantly download things from my computer to this game system. it's like I'm spending more time downloading the software and apps that it's making more work for me and less fun for my son.
This cat, although cute, has never worked properly. It only moves and makes noise in &#34;Try Me&#34; mode or will suddenly start meowing and pawing the air when no one is nearby. We have used both rechargeable batteries and brand new name brand batteries.And what's with the cat that can meow and bat at a feather but can't walk? If you're going to make a realistic toy, then kids expect realistic actions. Kids aren't stupid.And why market a line of animal toys only to girls. Last I checked boys also like cats, dogs, birds, horses, etc.
I bought these prizes to give to children at my shop that visited with Santa. The bracelets in the pack were a joke. They were soft, had print all over them in a sloppy manner, and were such an eye sore that I just threw them all away instead of giving them out to the kids. Such a waste of plastic.
This is a neat idea, but as with so many toys these days, the manufacturing tolerances and the low quality low grade plastic used to make it get in the way of a kids enjoyment. The fir is imprecise, it requires a lot of muscle to force it to close in the shape that a kid wants, and after a few pack/unpack cycles some of the joints lose their hold ability and swing freely, making for a very flimsy figurine (either car of bot). I give an extra star for the effort it went into designing something that a kid can try to play with, but the execution and quality are poor.
There are so many lovable Sesame Street characters that are marketed in conjunction with various toys.The Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train Set appeared to be a fun unit.However, it is total frustration in attempting to move vehicles around the track.  More than one child tested out this toy and abandoned all attempts as did adults watching over them.There seemed to be no way around getting around and it basically does very little.Wound up keeping Elmo and Grover vehicles as independent little toys.
We purchased this for our 5 year old boy for xmas. Our 5 year old spent hours trying to turn optimus into a truck, with no success. Next I tried, half an hour later and very frustrated I passed it over to my husband. While he was very determined to transform this 5 year old toy, he too came out extremely frustrated and with Optimus looking more like a mangled mess. We're not sure how a 5 year old is supposed to play with this toy, but they would want to be very mechanically minded or they will be extremely disappointed.
What an awful toy! The markers barely showed any color at all (unlike what they show on the box), and what did show up was distorted and an ugly, diarrhea-like version of the color that was supposed to be showing up. They put a lot of effort into the mat and its appearance, but absolutely no care into the most important part of the product. Kids don't care what it looks like on the outside, as long the toy actually works.  Horrible job, Crayola. You can do better.
Cute toy but doesn't do much. Great for A infant that can't get up and go.  My two and three year old have played with it once in 3 weeks.  Would not recommend.
Had to buy from another retailer because the only retailer that was cheaper than brick & mortar stores never sent the product. I waited weeks and it never arrived.  Meanwhile amazon price was higher than every big store.  I went and got on sale elsewhere.As for the toy, my 1 1/2 year old grandson hugged it a couple of times and put it aside. It had literally taken me 1/2 hour to get the toy unfastened from the packaging and install the batteries. Of course you don't want the kids getting the batteries, but they were ridiculously hard to get into the battery box. Because of mechanicals, the toy is not very squeezable. Meanwhile, grandson was thrilled with a Cookie Monster &#34;put the cookie in CN's mouth&#34; toy.  Go figure kids.
this toy was a present to my son for Christmas.  It was easy to put together, but it falls apart easy and half of the time the pumper for the car does not work.  If the pumper does not work the car goes no where.... big disappointment when this happens which is frequent!  If by chance you can get the pumper to work the car only makes it half way around the loop then falls to the floor. I am happy I only spent a little bit of $$$ on this toy because most likely it will go directly in the garbage.
I'm glad I could try it for free, because this board is not fun. The only thing that works good is a eraser.The pens smell toxic and it's quite powerful smell, not something I want to inhale, not to mention small kids.Also the colors are very light, they look kind of watery, not bright at all.Also wiping cloth is not practical.I'd skip this Magic lap desk, it's a bad product.
This has very small pieces and some of the things you make you look at it either thinking &#34;what is that?&#34; or &#34;is that it??&#34;.  If you have a MegaBloks/Lego lover...I'd recommend it.  The pieces are small and its not convenient to leave out all of December.
10 days before christmas and I find this doll for $12.99 and the Abbey Bed For $19.99 at the local store. I guess it might be time to stop buying from sellers here! prime prices are starting to become a joke!
Bought to apply to face painting designs - claim to be self adhesive but they are not.  Maybe they stick to paper but not on painted faces.
This thing is huge....almost 4' long, and it looks tough.But, there are no instructions for putting it together, and I had a hard time loading the magazine.  There's also other little clips with no idea where they go, except to go by the photos (and these didn't stay in place).  Much of the "design" is just in the molded plastic body, there's not really much to it as far as moving pieces.The big irritation is that it is really heavy. It's for 6-8 years but it feels like too much weight...my six year old can hardly lift it.It's supposed to interconnect to Iphones and the internet. I can find no way to do this without any instructions and I don't see anything that looks like it could scan or transmit data.And, the accuracy isn't that accurate, and the "whistling" sound is pretty weak.  Maybe an older kid could figure it out, but it doesn't change that it's just a very heavy piece of plastic.
All children love Elmo, and my 20 month old granddaughter is no exception. She would like any stuffed Elmo no matter what.Elmo says five phrases that are activated by squeezing the bottom of Elmo's right foot--she quickly got the hang of this. But my granddaughter has the Let's Rock Elmo, which is a superb toy where Elmo plays musical instruments. Listening to him say five phrases doesn't really compare to that for her.My granddaughter would like this toy even if Elmo said nothing and was not dressed in a bathrobe. I think she's a little too young to grasp the significance of what he is wearing.Bottom line: You can't go wrong buying Elmo for a child. My granddaughter likes that this Elmo is larger than another version that she pushes around in her toy carriage. But for her this "special" version is really nothing special.Update November 26, 2012: I downgraded my original review from four stars to two stars because just two months after receiving this, Elmo stopped talking, or at best says incomplete phrases. That is because the pre-installed battery has died and there is no way to replace it. So now this is just another "silent" Elmo. A two month battery life, not to mention the inability to replace the battery, is ridiculous for a toy this price.
Because it's an absolute joke. First of all, this train is advertised as TO SCALE. This could not be more misleading. Not only is the circumference of EACH WHEEL off my almost 3/4th of a millimeter, but the wheel locks are, in turn, even farther off scale! And you'd THINK that the wheel lock might have been at LEASE to scale in relation to the train itself, but NO. It is itself an above ludicrous 1 millimeter off. And the smoke. Calling this real smoke is a a real laugh. There is absolutely zero mimicry of the internal working of a steam engine within this TOY and the 'smoke' is nothing more than vapor. VAPOR! And if that wasn't enough, batteries were not included. I don't know how I'm going to break the news to my goldentipped taupe parrot shiner or my blue ringed shunt fire guppy.
Cool set. The dolls legs are articulated, her hand is molded to be able to hold the leash. Outfit is cute, the treats go in one compartment and the poop in the other compartment. The scooper works great, although the treats and poop are small so careful in giving this toy to a 3 year old, the box says 3 years and up but in my opinion it should be 6 years and up to do the many small choking parts. The dog is of good quality. U press the head to make the mouth open, the ears move too. The eyes close when it eats. The dogs legs are not movable, I wish they were. Great set overall and glad I got it. UPDATE: the dog treats get stuck inside the head when u flip it over or falls in the ground. It's stuck in there, this is the second time this has happened. Do not leave the treats inside or you will have a very upset child and empty wallet.  They go up to the head and some how get lodged inside.
This is one of those one gimmick toys that winds up being really neat for all of a few minutes until the kids figure out it only does one thing, and it doesn't even do that all that well.  Ostensibly, it should be possible to launch the big wheeler with enough force down the track to hit the &#34;menacing&#34; robot right in the chest and &#34;break&#34; him into pieces.  Once this was all put together, it became obvious that neither my 3 year old or my 5 year old had the physical strength and skill to launch the car far enough and it was up to us parents to do it for them.  Still, they had fun for a little while driving the car into the robot to break him apart.Since then I haven't seen them even want to play with it, and I've wound up tripping over the track several times--it's smaller than some toys, which is a blessing , but it's still a pain to store.  The only part the kids play with now is the rather nice big wheeled car that comes with the set.Overall it's a one trick pony that doesn't even do the one trick very well.  The car is the best part, but just buy your kids  a really nice hotwheels car rather than investing in the rest of the plastic frippery.Happy Playing! ^_^
This science kit sounded like a lot of fun, and my Grandson did enjoy some of the experiments, but I was very disappointed with the kit. The contents are very skimpy, and of the items provided, there is only enough to run the experiment once, so if there are any spills, you're pretty much out of luck. You'll need to go shopping for needed items that are not in the kit and some of the experiments don't even utilize anything from the kit. The volcano is tiny and hard to fill and the cups included were very cheap and flimsy, so you'll want to be careful with them.The box is bright and colorful and looks promising, but when it's opened and the puny contents are revealed... well, it's kind of embarrassing.
I really like how on the other sets there is a single color for each type.Inventions - BlueDiscoveries - YellowEvents - RedBUT now with this set everything is green. Ugh.. The whole point of the color coding made this game useless as a companion game.  The cards now say 'Invention of' or 'Discovery of'.  Now I can't easily combine (and more importantly separate after combining) with other sets.  Now all you can really do is play it by itself.  Really not sure why they did that but I assume it's because they are not going to be releasing more variations of the game and they just decided to give up.
I hate these kinds of toys that are just so junky they constantly fall apart.  We also have the one that looks like a teapot island, and it's bad, but not as bad as this one.  Our daughter doesn't want to play with it because it constantly falls apart.  It's difficult to even get the doll not to fall out of the car.  There's a strap in there, but she can't get it around the doll herself.  You have to have a very steady hand to even push it around the coaster track and not knock part of the rails down.  Such a piece of junk.  After the first set, I decided no more.  This one happened to be bought by a relative, so what could I do.  I would have taken it back if my daughter hadn't already seen it.  It has actually fallen apart sitting on a display shelf.  And as another reviewer mentioned, it's probably the most frustrating toy I've ever had to open.  Everything is zip-tied within an inch of its life. And they also give you a few very tiny parts - the pretzels are instantly lost.  All-around regretted toy.
It always pays to read reviews before you buy. The toy, at whatever cost, is simply a piece of junk that no kid would like to play with. The hair is not soft, and the clips brittle. My kid does not even spend 10 minutes with the toy.
My daughter is a Monster High fanatic...and basically has anything and everything to do with Monster High. So when she received this newest MH Design Chamber she was happy and excited. Now this is the second Create A Monster kit that's out, the first one was the design lab which my daughter enjoyed very much and loved how the doll she created came out. she did have a few difficulties with it but overall she was pleased!Now with this one, Im sorry to say but NOTHING worked and she was very disappointed and so was I. None of the colors or designs would rub off on the doll, the wig never stayed in place, all in all it was just a waste of time no matter how hard we tried or did everything as instructed. I will say that the set up was very nice and easy, cute accessories and was much easier to assemble than the MH design lab and that's the only plus when it came to this. But the Design Chamber itself was a fail.... I think you will get a better looking monster if you stick with the previous MH Create A Monster design lab.
Two of my children are in the suggested age range for this product, 4 and 6 years old, and they are just not interested. They had the most fun opening the box when the postman delivered it, and everything went downhill from there. Despite two parents and a grandparent at different times trying to engage the children in playing with the LeapReader, it's now on the shelf underneath the coffee table, in easy reach of any child who would like to play with it.I will update this review (either positively or otherwise) after other children in the family come over to visit and have a chance to play with the LeapReader. For now, this one's a bust.
The content in this package is largely made up of cards of cardstock quality - even printed on one side. The cards in this package fell apart even before the box was opened.  It would take very little effort to make these same kinds of things - especially the fingerprint cards that are -five square boxes with decoration.  The `Crime Scene' cards have a cm/inch scale and a color scale.  What is most interesting about these though, is that they ask you for information about what you see, which is a good exercise in every day life.  I have often done this with writing exercises with children.  I make xeroxs, though.The quality of the other items is like dollar store quality items.  They are plastic and will be extremely short lived.  They are not the quality shown in the booklet by any stretch of the imagination - which is what you would need to use them anyway.Most of the content is in a 32-page pamphlet.  The story is about a CSI agent and the `experiments' are about gathering evidence.The experiments require other items that are integral to the experiment.  For instance, if you would like to determine the time of the crime, the materials from the kit are: insect card.  The other items you will need to provide are several tins of cat or dog food, plastic bags, stopwatch, notepad and pencil.This is not the quality of product that I have seen in the past from Ravensburger, although admittedly, my experience is largely of their puzzles, which are of good quality and last for hours of fun.  This is disappointing.
My son likes this because he pretends he is driving.  The steering wheel changes from a car (circular) to a motorcycle (top of steering separates to look like handle bars) and then moves to a different position to resemble flying a jet.  The graphics are hard to make out so difficult for a child learning his letters to react.  Wouldn't buy as a gift unless the price went down to about $20.  Much better learning games out there for the price.
It is very small and did not like the details of the wrist. I did not like. I hope not to disappoint the girl
The joints are completely hindered by the sculpt. Basically the pose you see him in is all he can do.
My son is well below the recommended age for this, but we planned it as a family project and he has a strong interest in science and experimenting and building things, so we thought it would be right up his alley. Well, he was definitely interested but the process was disappointing for all involved.For the suggested price of this kit, I was a little surprised so much is not included. You need a 9V battery (which, granted, isn't that big of a deal) to make anything work, plus many others require extra elements you may or may not have on hand at any given moment. And many of the direct projects require other household items and specific tools we didn't necessarily have to do them (wire strippers and crimpers recommended for many things, special tweezers, etc.).I was more disappointed with the build quality of the materials that WERE included. Cheap, flimsy cardboard punch outs compose the body of all the projects. Expect them to last mere minutes after completion. We also found the wire very frustrating to work with, even as adults.  It broke easily and frequently was unstripped, even when it was supposed to be, so that had to be done (a finger cutting, not-fun job since we don't own professional strippers) before you could even begin to design anything. One of the circuit board pieces was also broken--though still could be used--in our kit, and several others badly bent. Like everything else, they too are cardboard, and prone to tearing.On the plus side, the instruction booklet was well-illustrated--even my six-year-old could easily follow it and understood all the steps--and the basic concept of circuitry is well illustrated by the projects here. Just don't expect to do anything other than build them and then immediately take them apart; and not only because you only get one of each part in this kit. (Meaning: to build one of other projects, you have to take apart the one you already assembled.) Trying to use the flashlight, for example, even when put together totally to spec, had things falling apart/off as soon as my son picked it up. Yes, you can reattach, readjust and redo, but what I feel this kit best shows is that cheap components make cheap end products, no matter how careful you try to be during assembly.And don't expect even properly assembled projects always to work. We tried and tried with the loudspeaker, spending hours on it, and it never did work. I definitely blame a faulty, cheap component.Even with the high quality instruction booklet this kits components just don't add up to enough to justify its price tag, at least to my mind. To my mind it is simply not a good value, unless you can find it for at least 1/3 the list price.
My daughter is 6 years old, and getting into toys like Legos and K'NEX more. I've only had one K'NEX product in the past- theAngry Birds King Pig Castle - Amazon Exclusive, which I wasn't a big fan of as you can tell by my review for that one. But my daughter's a big fan of Mario, and this is the kind of thing I would have wanted when I was her age and there was barely any Mario merchandise. Judging by the box, it looked like this was going to be a lot easier to do than that stupid Angry Birds set, which was full of pieces that didn't stay together very well. After all, most of this set is a track, not tiny pieces.Assembling the track will take a bit of time if you're doing it by yourself, so working together is recommended. The pieces are mostly big and it's going to be tough to lose any of them if you're putting it together in a clean area. I was surprised by how big the Piranha Plant was too. When all's said and done, the race track looks nice, sure to impress little Nintendo fans. I used new batteries with the track and it went a little faster than how it goes in the commercial/video posted above with the product images. My daughter and I both got a kick out of how the guy talking in the commercial talks about the "cool jumps", yet Mario just kinda falls off of the ramp and right back onto the track like it wasn't anything. This is how it really is when you play with the set. There's nothing cool about the ramp, though I'm sure someone out there could customize the karts to get some serious air.Consider how much this set costs, and what you're really getting out of it- one race track, a Goomba, a Piranha Plant, Mario, his kart and some small items/power ups. This is a single-lane track. Who the heck is Mario supposed to be racing, aside from the clock? When you realize that Mario can go around the track in like 5 seconds, hitting the same things each time, it gets a little boring. Even if the only thing they added to the product was an extra lane for another kart to race with, it'd be a lot better. What's weird is that even with this being made with one single kart in mind, the kart still gets stuck now and then.I looked around at other Mario Kart K'NEX sets after building this one, to see if they were more exciting. TheNintendo Mario Circuit Ultimate Building Setlooks freaking incredible, with A LOT more to do than the others I looked at, and doesn't cost much more than this one [at the moment] if you order from Amazon. But then you watch the video on that page and see the kid at the 51 second mark, who looks bored and like he wants them to yell "cut!".If you combine the track pieces here with other tracks, I'm sure you can come up with something really cool. As it is, I only suggest getting this if you're getting other Mario Kart K'NEX sets with it, or already have some. Getting this by itself would be a bit of an underwhelming gift. Easy to build, easy to get bored of.
Mattel Hot Wheels - sounds like a winner, right there, doesn't it?  This is an exception.  The "Ballistiks Rapid Fire Blaster" doesn't actually use Hot Wheels - it has a special car that folds into a ball.  The Blaster will shoot that ball across the floor, whence it is supposed to unfold into the car form.  Notice I said "supposed to" - in all our attempts, it never did."Rapid Fire" - ummm, no.  The "Playset" only comes with one of these special cars.  So, even though it has a ramp for loading multiple "shots" (balled up cars), you only get one shot, until you go buy more of those cars.It takes 2 AA batteries (not included), so one might expect that the firing is powered by that.  Nope.  You have to push down the angled lever on the side, which whips the ball-car around the top and then out the front.  The batteries power the little LED light that is there for, well, they say for aiming; I say it's there in an attempt to make this toy seem less lame.  It fails.My five year old, who usually loves playing with cars, lost interest within ten minutes.  My seven year old stuck with it, trying to figure out a way to make this work better and turn it into a cool toy.  After about 25 minutes, he suggested that we donate this toy, because he didn't have any interest in playing with it again.
This figure, is terrible. I keep looking and reading other "POSITIVE" reviews, and they never say why they like it besides it's Batman!Sculpt, face is very nice, his lower body has double knee joints(Finally Mattel, just 10 years behind everyone else),but, but, but his lower body is really oversize. Ever seen a fat black women portrayed in Family Guy? Same thighs, just really massive, very fatty and a very feminine backside.He has very tiny arms, thick waist and chubby buttocks. He has a tiny head(because of his over-sized body), but his arms cannot go flush because of his CHUBBY body. A terrible range of motion, no accessories(He's BATMAN), no ab crunch...just typical Mattel junk and articulation and design.Big question, WHAT ARE THESE AMAZON REVIEWERS REVIEWING? He cannot stand unless you lean him forward and poke his big buttocks out. This is one of the worst figures I have ever seen from Mattel's DC line and that is saying something, from a company notorious for making terrible figures and products.So 1 star for the face, double knee joints, and, nice cape. Terrible...terrible....terrible articulation, awful lower and upper body sculpt; has stubby arms and fat backside. Cannot stand straight and arms are not flush and his proportions make his head look tiny. DO NOT BUY AND WAST YOUR HARD EARNED CASH!!!!! CANNOT RECOMMEND!
The first thing my daughter asked: :Why is there no girl on the picture?&#34; Boys are not the only creatures who like all things gross. The equipment included is sturdy and well made. The book full of gross recipes is adorable, but could have been much bigger. The biggest let down is the fact that: You need a microwave for most recipes; there is no way to make them without one, or at least the authors did not provide an alternative.
So, we were all very excited about this kit, but I've run to the store for each experiment that we have done.  For the jello, I had to buy the gelatin.  For the cake, I think I had to buy everything.  That is fine, but I also thought the science was lacking in the PURPOSE of the experiment.  I was able to explain the reactions to the kids only because that is my background, but you would think that there would be a more detailed scientific explanation for each reaction we are supposed to observe.
These were pretty but they were not glow in the dark my son was disappointed he kept them though because he wanted to make bands right away and no sense in shipping them all the way back just to wait weeks to get a new pack.
My kids 11 & 14 were bored very quickly with the game part, but have played with the pieces since the initial intro. The game consists of building structures and knocking them over for points. My older child thought the fact the pieces click together made it too easy. All you need to do is hit the structure anywhere with a bird and the pigs fall off. He wasn't impressed. Younger child loves the plastic birds that are similar to bathtub toys. Think rubber duckies.
This was not an authentic Rainbow Loom.  The pegs were sharp and the plastic/chemical smell was horrible.  I sent it back right away and went to Michaels to get a 'real' one.  Amazed by the difference in quality.  Not worth the $2.00 you save getting a fake.  Go get the real thing!
I recently had the opportunity to try the "Pet Frenzied Kids Card Game".  I got it for my granddaughter, thinking it would be good for an upcoming long plane trip. Luckily, we tried it out before the trip. Frankly, it was a bust.  This was way too confusing for the attention span of a 3 year old. My granddaughter loves to play games and in general engages very well - this was just not good for her.  To be honest I'm not sure if an older child would be interested in it.
I really do love amazon. I shop here all the time and always do find what I'm looking for and cheaper too. But this is the one exception. We seen this at Wal-Mart last year for 25 and it was gone when we went back to get it. Found it again this year and it went up to 35 at both Wal-Mart and toys R us. So we thought we'd check out amazon cause even if I find something for the same price I can usually at least save the tax. Did NOT expect to see it go for 50 on here that's for sure! Omg what a rip off. Little disappointed in amazon. We'll definitely be going to Wal-Mart for this! Shame cause I always prefer shopping here.
I rarely write negative reviews., but since this product was sent to me through the Vine program, I feel I have to be completely honest about this product. And my opinion of&#34; Thomas the Train: Take n play Spills and Thrills on Sodor&#34; is that it completely stinks. Please don't waste  your money. Like my nephew did, your child will get their hopes up about a cool new toy, only to open up the box to a piece of junk. Assembly was a total mess. The plastic is weak and can easily snap. It does not stand up on it's own. It's completely lopsided and has to leaned up against a wall or piece of furniture unless you want to attach it to a wall??! It only comes with one train.  And &#34;paint splatter&#34; feature is ridiculous and does not work, it does not attach to the train as it travels through and it's a choking hazard.  I can recommend lots of Thomas the Train toys, but definitely not this one.
What were the designers of this toy thinking?  This is supposed to be for children.  I would say to get a result anywhere near what is on the box the parent must be a professional artist.Even then I would use other materials.  The coloring pens included are not that good.  No way a child can make it look like anything at all except a mess.This design needs to return to the research division to be redone.  The stars that I gave it were for the doll itself which is a very nice basic Barbie.  The Design plates are just not what they should be.
We purchased this backpack for a good price from Target and my son loved the design.  He uses it for daycare and only puts a blanket and school projects in it.  It fell apart after using it for a few months, despite the fact that it is not being used to hold much.  I tried sewing the seam back together with heavy duty thread and it is falling apart once again.  Didn't even make it half way through the school year.  Now looking for a high quality backpack to replace it.
I was not impressed by this product at all. It's essentially a cheap piece of plastic that does nothing other than serve as a holder for an iPad. You download the free app that can be used on its own, snap the iPad in the plastic case (that I would not trust to keep the device safe at all), and then the stamps trigger different functionality. So, one stamp will allow you to change between safari, undersea, and city themes. Another one, every time you touch the screen will place a different object (based on the chosen theme) on the screen. Another one makes sounds. You get the idea. With the pen, the kids can draw all over the screen. But, these are all things that can be done without the plastic case and stamps. I also found that I was constantly picking the stamps and pen up because they would fall out of the case.  I really can't come up with a need for this case at all and it's most definitely not worth forty dollars!  The app is okay on it's own, but free kids art apps are everywhere and this one isn't anything special.
He was hard plastic & I felt it was unsafe for my kiddo. We have minion tim though & we love him- his skin is more Textured than this guy. I really thought this was the interactive guy when I ordered it but I was wrong I guess?
This seems like a really great idea, and it might be if your child is either actually playing games or too young to care...but my daughter wanted the phone out of this case.See, here's the issue - you can't hit the home button - so if your child is like mine (21 months) she pretty much gets her greatest thrill from swiping the unlock bar, and getting Siri to talk to her by hitting the home button.  My phone has a pass-code on it, so she can't get much further.The case is annoying for parents because anytime you want to change the app playing or adjust anything you need to completely take the phone out and do it that way.Although I can see the positives of this case, I think an Otterbox is a bit more practical and more likely to keep your phone safe.
DON'T BUY BUY THIS LOOM, IT PIECE OF CRAP. THE BANDS WONT STAY ON THR LOOM. I USE IT AND WHEN I LOOP THE BANDS IT COME OFF BEFORE I CAN LOOP THE BAND.
This held the interest of a 4yo and 7yo (boys) for about 30 seconds. The idea was REALLY cool for them, but once the disks were fired, they abandoned the shooter. I was surprised, to be honest. The work to reward ratio leans too much toward work. This toy could be improved by including some paper targets or something along those line.
I'm giving this set 2 stars because I'm not at all impressed with it. It only comes with one action figure but if two or more kids play with the set each will want their own figure, so it seems that this is one of those toys where you don't really get a complete set without buying extras. When my almost 3-year old grandson and I played with this set we used action type figures from other toys I have around for him to play with in addition to the one that comes with the set.All the parts look and feel cheap. It took me a little under 15 minutes to assemble the set and I only had to refer to the instructions a couple of times, so assembly was easy enough (this set does not require batteries). The actual play consist of launching an action figure at the set via a plastic catapult, and when this procedure works as it should, the figure hits the screen which flips back causing the Devastadium to appear as if it is collapsing. (The only sound effects are the sounds of cheap plastic parts moving.) Alternatively, one can swing the toy boom camera against the screen (with an action figure in front of the screen or not), which if swung with sufficient force, flips the screen back and causes the set to collapse. I found this entertaining for about 10 seconds, though my grandson got at least 15 minutes of fun playing with the set before getting bored. We have way more fun building towers out of wooden blocks, then knocking them down. Sometimes we put action figures on top of the block towers before toppling them or my grandson will launch an action figure at a block tower by tossing it with his hand.I cannot recommend this toy.
Weird pike makeup all around her eyes.Nothing new about her outfit or shoes.I would check her out in the store to see if I liked her before buying and wait for a great price.I think I got her from amazon for 6.99 right before Christmas so not to bad,her weid foam finger is kinda cool.
Basically this is Jenga played on platform that knocks your tower down just when the game is starting to get good. I love Jenga, but Jenga Boom is horrible.In Jenga, each player removes a block and places it on the top of the tower, making the tower progressively more unstable. The excitement and challenge builds as the tower gets taller and more unstable. Finally, the game ends when the loser knocks the tower over.In Jenga boom, you get a few turns to remove blocks and then when you think it might just start to get challenging, the base "explodes" knocking your tower over. There is no satisfaction, the loser and winner is arbitrarily determined.It feels much like when you play a good game of Jenga but there are young kids around and then just when the game is getting good, the kid comes by and knocks your tower over. Then you regain your composure, rebuild your tower, and start the game over. Then it happens again. Finally, you decide to quit playing Jenga until there are no kids around. Well that's what happened to us. We finally decided that the Boom base was so obnoxious to game play that we put it away and played a few games without the base.If you want Jenga, getThe Original Jenga. You will save money and get 54 blocks for a bigger more fun tower rather than the 36 in Jenga boom.
These bands are not durable enough for a loom. Most of the bands within the package have broken. Very disappointed.
So, in the box is a new monster and a set of power up cards for each monster ( 7 decks of 8 for each monster).  This expansion for me makes the game worse and takes the joy out of the base game.  You can collect power up cards when rolling three hearts, and if an opponent gets a fantastic power up on their first pick up it is almost game over.  It just adds more randomness, that for me, ruins the game and really frustrates me.  It feels to me that the mechanic of gaining a power up card by rolling three hearts is way to powerful.  The player should have to either heal three or take a power up card, not both.  It seems that this has not been tested by the game designer.  For $20 it is by far the biggest rip off ever, period. $5 would be a more realistic cost for what this actually offers.  Instead of buying this, try "get bit" or "tsuro".  Honestly give this expansion a BIG MISS, take it from me, I play KOT at least once a week and we never play the expansion, and never will.
While the plush toy is very soft, because of the animatronics and the battery case in the body this is hardly a snuggly toy for a child. The tag on the ear clearly states that this is in fact a decorative toy that should not be used without adult supervision.It is designed to entertain infants and toddlers, and does its job as it clearly chants the "This little piggie" poem. (I might also add that if anyone is in fear that the pig sounds like the nasal, and annoying Maxwell from the Geico commercials need not worry. It is voiced by a rather pleasant and calm sounding child.) Unfortunately the childs automatic response is to reach for the toy, and pry its mouth open. So I can see why the parent has to be there to pull the toy away.The flap on the bottom only has one small piece of velcro to cover the access hole for the battery compartment. I'm surprised by this. Gund has in my experience made soft, sturdy toys and I found this to be rather flimsy as the flap will literally gape and hang open. I shouldn't have to fix it, but I did.For decorative purposes it is very cute, but it seems wrong to call this a toy when a child can not interact with it without adult supervision. Overall, I found it to be disappointing. Which is too bad, because it is so very cute.
I should have paid more attention to the previous reviews about this journal because sadly it doesn't work very well.  The password lock which is supposed to be voice activated & sensitive, either won't open AT ALL, or will open when someone else says the password.  My daughter ended up several times having to take the batteries out because it would not open for her voice.  She was so disappointed since she spent her own money to get this and the video made it seem so easy to use.  We even tried using a one syllable password to see if that would work (cat) with no success.  I've learned a valuable lesson about trusting other shoppers reviews BEFORE buying a product.
My 9 year old daughter loves to make bracelets on this loom, but after one month, one of the loom heads snapped off. It was an end piece so it didnt matter that much. After 2 months, now another one has broken and it's in the middle, so this product is mostly unusable now.
Although I'm not returning these (because my kids don't care that they cost a lot more than they are worth), I am unhappy with these. I don't think they are worth the money I paid for them.
My 3 year old had more fun knocking it over than building it.  The cars never make it down the whole way, because they don't give you enough lifting pieces to raise it high enough for gravity to do it's job.  The pieces they do give you fit awkwardly at best, and will not stand on their own.  It's constantly off balance and I had to hold it to keep it standing if we tried to use it.  IT's a shame too, because my guy loves it, but it's too much of a pain to use and gets annoying fast.
why buy this junk. on tv it seems  easy and kids want it. they make things seem fun on tv and they find easy to get the parsents to buy what they want. a lot of times after buying it . you see why. pay to much. made cheap. or does not work right, or piceses are missing or mess up.i bought this because my 3 year old wanted this for Christmas . I open it up after Christmas and put it together. the red leash to pump for the dog was broken. had to cut it shorter. the doddie doo. never came out right. my daughter had to pull it out. she had fun . but after a few times. the treast slim  playdoo. did not want to come out. I took dog apart. no way to come out. I had to us a small long sick to try to get it out and blowing thought the butt and mouth. it finilly came out the frist times slime playdoo. no good. the other time took time to get out still good. if I had to do this all over again. nice on tv. but made to cheap. the dog had marks on it. and all she like later on was the slim playdoo.she ran around with the doo. saying look here. poo. other was not to fun. so please do not wasit your $25 on this.
This was one of our daughter's Christmas presents. She is 4 1/2 years old.  She loved it when she saw the commercials on t.v. and still likes it somewhat, and it's age-appropriate. She can play it easily.  At first it was fun.  But after a week of having it, the toy broke! Not the entire toy, but the red "thing" (for lack of a better word) that you use to pump once you roll the dice, broke.  It wouldn't pump properly at all.  So my husband rigged it somehow to make it work.  But then the dog wouldn't pass the treats/poo properly and I suppose you can say the dog became constipated, and it kept happening.A friend of ours then gave this toy/game to our daughter as a belated Christmas present, so now she had 2 Doggie Doo games.  We figured we'd keep one at my parents' house and one at our home.  We kept the new one at our house.  So far the red pump has not broken, also it seems like it's going to give and may break; also, the dog is constipated quite often. We play the game properly so I'm not sure what the matter is.  Apparently it wasn't just the one game we had, either, because now we have experience with two of these games, and are experiencing problems with this new Doggie Doo game, too.So, that being said, folks, save your money for another game.  Cute concept but just not worth it at all, and our  daughter, although she occasionally wants to play it, gets frustrated with it.
Typical flimsy plastic playset. Smaller than I expected too. None of these playsets are ever that great, but this one in particular was more disappointing than most. They couldn't have included another character? Something else for Sophia to do in her palace? This is a one day of play (if that) toy. Waste of money.
I don't like this battery as it is a Li Ion battery, not a LiPoly battery to start with. It is low powered from the start & doesn't get better with age. It is supplied with the helicopter & will fly the helicopter, but not to its full potiential. Of the 3 I bought, two were bad out of the box!
I purchased this for my 6 year old Minecraft loving son.  The directions are hard to follow and as an adult, I had a hard time putting them together.  After I built them, they came apart easily and my son couldn't really play with them.  This toy is better suited for an older child who is only interested in building things out of paper and not playing with the figures afterwards.  I ended up throwing it in the trash.
I was very disappointed with the inferior quality of this plane. I was under the impression that it would be sturdier than it really is. I am glad that I bought it on one of the plaque Friday sales and didn't pay full price for it.  It does fly but tends to go face first into the grass because the weight from the propellers tensed up look down.
My 4 & 7 yr old girls were so excited when they saw the cute pictures on these cards. However, the game itself is severely lacking in many ways. The instructions and object of the game was hard for me to decipher. The game was so short and pointless that even my daughters thought there had to be more to it. I checked, re-read, nope that was it.They played a few more minutes, making up their own game....and that was it, no interest shown again. I was thinking with them being dog and cat fanatics they may revisit it or make up their own game (as they do often with other games) but that wasn't the case.
I admit, neither my 4-year-old nor I have played any LeapFrog games before this one. I played plenty of video games in my youth, and spend perhaps too much time playing games on my phone these days, so i at least am not naive to the world of gaming.A good game teaches you how to play, building up the pieces one at a time, then sets you loose. This game teaches you how to play, but builds up the pieces far too quickly.There are a couple different components of this game. There's a collect-the-widgets part, where the characters are lead through very simple mazes to collect all of the pennants. This is a pretty simple concept, but builds slowly into greater complexity - you have to avoid being seen by the bad guys, you can find bonus prizes, and so on. There are also locked doors, and to get the key you have to play a card game, like a memory game (matching cards in pairs) or a rule-out games (rule out cards based on features, like number of eyes or color of fur).Here's the problem, though: the concept of lead-the-character-through-the-maze has only just been introduced when the match-the-cards-to-get-the-key part comes in. Especially for younger children, this is too much, too fast. If the game taught the maze part, then had a few simple mazes to practice, THEN brought in the memory game, it might work. This design, with all the game modes piled on top of each other, is just confusing. In addition, new functions are taught in the middle of the game. When spitballs are introduced to blow out candles, there's not a mini-tutorial before the game. No, instead the player will be halfway through a maze, land on a spitball, and the game will STOP for an explanation. This game was not designed with any sense of flow.The flow of the game breaks all the time. If the character finds one of the monster cards, it stops the maze game for a splash screen of the card, reminding the gamer to go look at their card collection some time. Not now, of course, you're in the middle of a maze, so finish the maze, then... yeah.There's a subgame of building your own monster then testings its ability to scare a child. This has nothing to do with the maze/memory game, except that you need to collect the cards from the mazes to make the scary monsters.Worst yet, there are bugs in the game. When you come back to a maze from the card games to get a key, sometimes the bad guys are just randomly placed instead of on their little walking tracks. Sometimes the last card from the memory game tutorial stays on the board for the first run through the memory game, making it very confusing for a kid trying to learn it.Would this be fine with older kids? Possibly. Would this work better for kids who've played a lot of LeapFrog games already? Probably. But i really question the assertion that this game is good for 4-year-olds. It's too busy interrupting itself in the early stages, teaching too many things at once instead of gradually building skills.It's built on the same premise as a lot of other LeapPad games, that constantly interrupt the child's use of the product, endlessly blurting out instructions or suggestions that distract the child from what they're trying to do - play and learn.
O ordered this and when I received it I wasn't happy it is a fake and it will not interlock with the real rainbow.  I did return it and no problems getting a refund.  This loom is ok if it's the only one you have but you can not connect it to the authentic rainbow loom.
The three recently released coffin bean dolls all have poorly done hair. Frankie's hair is too short and choppy. It seems to be on the thin side. The quality of these dolls is not as good as most Monster High dolls. I think if I had seen the doll in person before buying it I would have passed on her.
I have really mixed opinions about this toy. We are a big Nintendo/Super Mario fan family and have played the games for years. So I thought this might be fun to try out and my 9 year old daughter was overjoyed to order it.The kit is large with 450 pieces, many of which are specialized like a cloud top or spring open coin box. That makes each piece about 14 cents each, a little expensive for K'NEX pieces but once you add the character licensing in...The kit took her quite awhile to put together, it wasn't super easy so the build was a fun challenge. She was frustrated that K'NEX doesn't take a page from LEGO instructions and show which pieces you need for each step but overall, the instructions work fine.Once it was assembled, it takes up a lot of room. We put ours on a large, square coffee table. Then it was time to play.So this is where I get hung up on it. I'm just not sure why anyone would take a video game and try to make it work with physical pieces. And this is also where the product falls really short. While it is fun to launch Mario from the jumpers, it is very hard to get him to land where you want. And when he does, you have to 'play act' him across each part. There is a centrally located device that you can attach him to and pretend to jump him from one part to another but it is awkward to play with. I watched my daughter work way to hard to get it to work with very little enjoyment. Pieces kept falling off, parts of it didn't make sense and while you shouldn't need an instruction book to figure out how to play with it, some of it wasn't intuitive, like trying to hit 'coins'.So I am torn. While this is fun to think about, it is not so much fun in the execution and for a K'NEX building set (or in comparison to some others) it is pretty expensive.
Around here the name "hot wheels" has always meant "fun, durable, collectible". For years the toys have been collected and handed down.  They should have quit while they were ahead.The rapid fire blaster shoots out one (included) balled up car thingy which is supposed to open on contact. It doesn't. You pull the handle, the "car" shoots out and rolls across the floor. You retrieve the car and shoot it out.  It rolls across the floor, you retrieve it...... It holds the kids interest about five minutes. Of course you can go out and buy MORE balled up car thingys, which cost almost as the  blaster, so you can shoot more of them out, watch them roll across the floor, retrieve them etc. Batteries not included, of course.At the present cost of $32.18 I think your toy money could be better spent.
Rating things like this are hard because I'm not the primary user. So I rate it by how my child received it, used it, and if he continues to use it. The truth was, he was excited to get it, we played with it the first day, and a month later, it sits in his closet, probably never going to be touched again. He's 10, loves geology, has a rock collection, and has a serious interest in pursuing an education in the field. The magic of this item wore off by the second or third day.
This game is pretty terrible. Pretty to look at but bland gameplay. This is definitely a bargain bin title. Just terrible.
First getting this in the package, I almsot threw it away as the doll looked like something out of a horror movie. With the hood up, the eyes look so huge and fish like its creepy. But my opinion not withstanding, the doll basically got dumped on the floor in a few minutes after being played with, so my daughter didn't really care for it either.One thing I've been very diligent about is manufacturer. If Adora wanted to make more sales, they should say &#34;Made in the USA&#34; more prominently, as I can't find the info online, and therefore have to assume that this was made in China. Given all the issues with dyes and toxic chemicals they use on plastics, I think this is going to wind up in the dumpster, which is sad given its not a bad toy.
My niece likes to dress up and is quite a fashionista but this craft set did not keep her interest.  I asked her what she did not like and she said it was not that cutesy or pretty enough.  It also looked cheap she said so I defer to her expertise on this review.
This set is marketed for ages 3+ but in reality, an older child would be better able to manipulate the pieces.  With a set of six colorful containers of Play Doh including a "sparkle compound", there is enough to fill the spaces in each of the separate plastic pieces, but the size of the pieces is so puny and the details so miniscule that the doh gets stuck within each piece and doesn't really allow for the three dimensional play it was meant to offer.  The faces of the princess figures are very unappealing.  The top of the castle allows you to press out Rapunzel's hair and this is fun, but beyond that, I found the toy flimsy and of poor workmanship.  The connections on the base were not properly fitted to the separate castle walls and unless you work very gently, the whole thing falls apart very easily.You won't go wrong if you just stick with good old fashioned Play Doh and forget these sets that aren't worth the extra money.
These easter eggs came cracked already and i could see the creature already in there.  Had to return, with no ability to get another set in time for Easter
There isn't much to this set and although it looks like it should connect up to other Monster Jam Hot Wheels sets, the connection bits are different. It did NOT connect to the tracks we already had. After 2 minutes of play my 4 year old said "this is boring" and my 7 year old laughed and said "ya, this sucks."
*Disclosure: I was contacted by a representative for YazyCraft and given a sample of this product specifically for the purpose of giving my thoughts on it.*Truth be told, when given to a pair of tots, all my complaints below mattered very, very little.  They loved the tools, and enjoy the snot out of them, both with and without dough.Ok, I get it, these are cheap items for use by little kids.  Little kids don't care about quality, but, as a parent, I do.  As a reviewer I do.  The set I received practically screams 'cheap crap from China.&#34;  (And yes, China is where this are made, if you're curious.)  The build quality was typical of what one expects from cheap stuff - poor.  Uneven seams where the components of each item were glued together, creating somewhat sharp edges.  This was especially evident by the smaller rolling pin, and the handles of the two cutters.  The large roller and large rolling pin both had burrs in the rollers from when the sections were broken from the molds.  The wheel of the irregular cutter rubs hard against the handle during use as not enough clearance between then was made to account for the play of the wheel on its shaft.  Oh yes, and, the color of the items I received were not those in the picture, with the exception of the larger roller and double ended knife.Yes, the kids love them, but, as a parent and reviewer, I don't see the value in this (currently) nine dollar kit.  Checking over at a couple local dollar stores, equal or better quality could be had for less cost.
Not being able to wait till this figure was available online, I had to get it fromThe only reason I got this figure was for the gun to use with my extensive Men In Black collection of action figures. Of course, I had to use silver nail polish to cover up the white parts of the gun. I'm not very good with the brush and as a result some of the paint got on the blue light parts of the gun. When I tried to wipe it off with a kitchen sink brush, it just got worse. I am really at a loss what to do now.As for the figure itself, I just gave it to my kid sister to use in her dollhouse. However, I saw the head in the fish tank, so I really have no idea what she was doing with it. Some things are just better left unknown.
I thought this would be a great item to add to our homeschool curriculum, but there are so many items that you have to gather yourself (foam beads, confetti - just to name a couple of odd items), I don't see the point of this product. You could just pick up a science workbook likeCoolest Kids Science Projects: 40 Fun & Easy Science Experiments For Kids, and put together your own box of goodies for your science lessons, for either the same cost, or less, in some cases.It was somewhat frustrating not to be able to do certain experiments right away, and I'm getting more than a little sick of kits, sets, & games that require additional items to be able to use the product. I don't think I will be recommending this particular item to any other homeschoolers.
I remember a different version of this farm when I was a kid. This one is boring though. My one year old is not interested at all. No room to play with the animals, annoying songs/noises that he can't even do on his own. Total bummer.
As a full-fledged game/toy, Bot Shots fail. In a world dominated by online games, it would be refreshing to find an exciting toy that did not require a controller. And, certainly, many such creative games exist for adults. My friends and I occasionally break the spell of WoW (World of Warcraft) to playCitadelsorBANG!. Therefore, if there are "real" games that can distract a bunch of geeks long enough to step away from the keyboard, I know that someone can do the same for children. Nonetheless, the premise of Bot Shots is just boring. As mentioned in previous reviews, the closest comparison is to "Rock, Paper, Scissors." Scintillating. The game is such a snore that one round is enough to make anyone toss these little robots in the trash.Here's what these MAY be great for: decoration. I truly do mean that. Lovers of the 1980's cartoon may enjoy these miniature cuties. There is great attention paid to details -- and the colors are pretty spot-on. These would make for a cool addition to someone's work desk.So, as a children's game, Bot Shots misses the mark (spectacularly). No one will want to play this game for long. However, as nifty little accessories, these work!
I was actually excited to give this to my daughter, who is a huge Sofia/Minimus fan.As soon as I opened the package, I knew we were in for problems.Sofia is very small (2 1/2&#34; maybe?), which is ok, just be aware that it's a small figure!Her hat? Constantly falls off. I'm not even sure where the damn thing is now.Minimus? I was under the impression that you can push the tail and the wings flap, or something like that. Nope. The &#34;flying&#34; part of minimus is when you shake him up and down, forcing his wings to bobble. And then eventually, fall off.Yeah, the wings come off really easily.After reattaching them at least 50 times, I glued them on. And then they still broke off. hahaLastly.. WTF is up with the seat? It looks like it was supposed to do something and then the manufacturer decided not to use that feature. Very strange.With all that said, my daughter still loves it. As long as dada is there to put the wings back on, all is well.
Okay firstly, realise I am reviewing as the parent. My kid would give this 50 stars if he could. I hadn't tried these things in stores, and gosh I wish I had. They're loud! The voice on this particular dino is what I'd consider obnoxious. I don't think I will be buying any more of them. Truly one of those toys that you hope the batteries die quickly. Maybe there is a volume button I did not see, but somehow I doubt it.
I heard "parental safe wifi" and thought, GREAT! My daughter can go to sesame street, fischer price, Nick Jr, Disney Jr. for her favorite educational games and shows. Perfect! I chose this for her over any other tablet. HUGE mistake. This thing comes with LIMITED PRECHOSEN sites ONLY. A few dozen cartoons, animal videos and ONE dumb game.My daughter, just turned 4, can play Mario Bros. on her sister's DS and use my computer. She saw this, got SO excited, we opened and she played with it for 10 minutes and asked for my computer or her sister's DS instead. Huge bummer.Customer service is impossible to understand. I had to ask the guy to repeat himself over and over. He didn't care about my questions and didn't help at all. ALso, this device is SLOW.UPDATE: I sold my LeapPad Ultra (before it lost too much value) and I got back almost all of my money. THen I bought a Kindle Fire HD. It was a great deal during the holidays. My daughter has had it for about 6 months now. She LOVES it. The variety of free games/books/videos/etc. is massive. The customer assistance has been great. I know I did the right thing and made the right purchase. She loves the graphics and being able to watch Frozen when she's sick in bed or on the airplane or on long car rides is the best thing in the world to her right now. She never asks about her LeapPad.
I bought this for my 3 year old for Christmas.  She loves the iPad and I figured this would be a good way to hold her attention and teach her to write at the same time.  I have quite a few other Leap items and have been thoroughly satisfied with their performance.For this App/Stylus:A child must have VERY GOOD coordination to trace the letters.  Even the slightest hint out of the lines and it tells you to try again over and over.  It was a struggle to hold her hand in my own and try multiple times with the straight lines with the game saying over and over &#34;try again&#34; &#34;try again&#34;.  She was almost immediately frustrated because unless her writing was PERFECT she could not do anything in the app.  I myself had to attempt the letter &#34;O&#34; two or three times before I got it right.  She currently uses the PBS app and is able to complete the tracing games on there just fine.  She also has a Leap Pad 2 and can do the tracing letters on there.OVERALL: Great concept for an app but ultimately not appropriate for teaching beginning writers like it is intended for.  Possibly update the App and allow for beginning writers more &#34;wiggle&#34; room and greater margin for error outside the lines and then progress.  While I appreciate the fact it is challenging, it really does not allow the children the opportunity to learn beginning writing skills without immediately saying &#34;try again&#34; and offers no options to practice their skills.NOT RECOMMENDED for children who do not already have basic writing skills.  I would say this is more of a practice app for children who already possess writing skills rather than a learning tool.
Purchased this for my 3 year old for Christmas.  While the toy is cute and simple and she does enjoy playing with the characters and pressing the voice button, it is very difficult to get each character onto the heart shaped spot on the sink that triggers the voice.  Usually she will hand me the toy and I will struggle for a few tries to position the character in the right spot.  NOT FOR LITTLE HANDS!
This review is coming to you courtesy of my father, who would rather just give my kids gifts than spend quality time with them. O.K., here goes:AC:-Hair is layered with that signature Frankie glow- yes, it actually glows bluish in the right light.-Earrings are on well...crystal blue with the MH skull.-Clear neck plugs.-Cotton dress has Velcro at back, tulle edging at hem, net sleeves, and a small, metallic MH skull with polka dot ribbon at neck. Dress is easy to deal with.-Shoes are easy to get on and off, and they never fall off. So cute.-Belt is soft plastic with a hanging "chain", metallic studs and a lightning bolt emblem. Closes well.-Silver stitching on portions of her arms and legs. Painted on.-Applied voltage feature works very well. Easy for kids to engage. Just push tummy button.-Battery chamber is small and concealed.DC:-Doll is heavier than her counterparts.-She cannot sit down. (Not too bad, but do want to mention.)-Takes batteries (three LR44's).-This Frankie's head is made of a thin, hard plastic. It is totally different than the plastic that is used for the standard MH dolls. Paint does not take well to it. Ours has sections of missing paint at her top forehead, cheek, and nose. She came out of the box in this state.My daughter told me that this doll sports the classic/original Frankie outfit. Doll is fun, and you can educate your kid on electricity if she will sit still for a minute. However, I cannot give her more than two stars, as I am not happy that she is noticeably horrid. I suppose that I should look on the bright side (hee, hee) and tell myself that these defects make her more authentically "steiny". Figures that my dad, the electrical engineer, picked this one. Ha!
The helicopter and spear parts came in a Styrofoam box that looked like it was taken out of the garbage and wrapped with shipping tape, the helicopter did not even fit and parts were rattling in side of the box around, the spear part bas had a hole in it and the small parts were missing.
I got this for my kids to use as they really love nerf products.  The gun is extremely long and is very hard for them to use.  The gun is recommended for eight and up and they are almost eight so I thought it would work.  It is made for older children and adults as they are better able to use it.  The gun also does jam quite frequently and doesnt work right all the time.  The gun also just comes with 6 darts and you must invest in more if you really want to keep playing. Last the gun doesnt seem to get anywhere near the 100 ft that it says.  Overall I would try a different nerf gun than this as it really has lots of problems and doesnt work well for younger kids.
My son purchased this gun with his allowance money after seeing it in Popular Science magazine. He was really excited for it and waited for it to come in stock via amazon.When we finally got the gun it was awesome! It shoots far and my son loved the &#34;kick&#34; when he would fire it.It's not a great gun for Nerf fights as it HURTS to be shot with and it is hard to manage but it's a great novelty!My son is 11 for the record and had no issue cocking and firing this gun.....at first.After a few weeks of owning it he started to have problems. The cocking mechanism would get stuck or be difficult to move.After a few more weeks it would get jammed more than it would fire smoothly. My husband decided to take a look at the gun and that is when we realized the problem was a bad one. The &#34;firing pin&#34; was damaged. The plastic had been cracked and warped from firing. My son didn't play with this gun excessively...maybe once or twice a week. He only used the Mega darts and always inserted the cartridge correctly. He never manhandled the weapon and treated it very carefully. After all he did spend his hard earned money on it.Needless to say, he was very disappointed. At this point the gun still fires but jams VERY frequently. I am not sure how much longer it will last before it will be unusable. My son still loves this gun a lot! I just wish Nerf had made it more durable.
This did not keep my daughter's interest.  She enjoys other puzzles and loves Disney princesses so I thought she would be into this.  She played with for a little while but lost interest part way through.  It is now a dust collector. Not sure what it is about this puzzle that she didn't like.
I was excited to pick this up for my 2 year old son prior to some long car rides. Thought it would be a great way for him to color and spend some time not staring at the iPad. I was wrong.Pros:- The desk is well made - it feels quality, and is the right size for a little one. Better yet, the markers and eraser store on the back for storage, and have holders on the front for use. That's great, and very much impressed me. It's obvious that Crayola spent some time figuring out the best way to do this.Cons:- The color is terrible! It's so faint, one can hardly see even the darkest colors. He kept saying "no color," while using it, and after I checked it out, I found the same. I thought we got a defective model, but I see other reviewers had the same issue.If you want a nice lap desk that has some markers, I guess this could be it. If your child wants to color - find something else. Very disappointing.
I dunno, how many years have they been making these robotic Elmo toys now? The first Tickle Me Elmo was a hit because it was a novelty item (and at a time when kids were not glued to smartphones and tablets 24/7 and actually enjoyed life as live persons). In the years since I've bought or received 3 or 4 of them and it seems they never figured out how to improve the toy.Like all fisher-Price toys, this one was tied down with a lot of ties and tape so it was a super-pain to remove the toy from packaging, especially when an eager 4-year-old was waiting on the sideline. The toy requires 4 AA batteries which are *not* included, so I had to hunt those down in my tool boxes. Opening the battery apartment is a super pain in the you-know-what... definitely the worst implementation of all these mechanized Elmo toys over the years. The compartment door is laid in such a way that it's ridiculously hard to open. I started hating this toy before Elmo even gave me his first hug.We finally got the batteries installed. The switch can be turned on to Play or Sleep; in the latter mode, Elmo sings a lullaby and falls asleep. The Play mode is the one where he gives you hugs. The hug mechanism is triggered when his chest is pressed, such as when a child hugs Elmo. Annoyingly, the motors and gears inside Elmo make tons of noise when he moves, and the way he moves his arms really creeps my 4-year-old and myself out. I highly recommend you not give this toy to your younglings on a rainy night...So this Elmo tries to talk funny and also sings. Luckily he doesn't laugh hysterically as much as he used to. The motor noise still overwhelms the talking and singing volume much of the time, so it's still difficult to hear what he says or sings as in the past.  Another creepy thing is, in Play mode when you lay him down flat on his back (don't try laying him on his stomach!), he's supposed to sing and then go to sleep, but he'll hold his arms out in a weird way, like he's trying to grab your kid and run or something.BTW this toy is quite small and the whole constructions feels cheap.
The bands themselves are good quality, but the colors are not what are shown. We got multiple bags of teal blue, no white, and only a handful of other colors.
these are so flimsy it is impossible to use them for the band loom. I did get 8 of them instead of the 5 advertised, but 8/8 of them are useless. It's like trying to move bands with a wet noodle. Do Not Buy.
I remember my professor of Early Childhood Education stating, as he did so many years ago... "When most of the fun is in the "boy", you have a great toy. When all the fun is in the toy, look elsewhere."  What he meant can be applied to this product.Playskool Heroes Marvel Spider-Man Adventures Web Racing Funhouse is a marvelous looking contraption that is sure to please the eyes of any child opening up the gift.  However, after 5 minutes, my 8 year old was so throughly bored with the "fun house" (once put all together) that our dear child was trying to deconstruct it and find more fun uses for the track.The problem is, all the fun is in Spiderman getting to his web via one small hook and gravity of the road. It happens everytime you move the cycle down the track, unless you interrupt the process.  All the fun is in the creative idea of the designer, leaving little ways to enjoy this toy other than that ONE EVENT, which always happens. Boring.What is worse, the toy's production value is very low. Where there could be creative beauty employed, simple cardboard picture of characters are used. Really?  For this price you couldn't have had a plastic 3D form in the shape of the character?  Even that, however, would not save the play set from the trash heap, however. So maybe they were wise to make things out of card stock.It looks like great fun on the box (such GREAT marketing) and it plays with such monotony, that your child would have to be very young indeed (younger than 8 would be my guess) to enjoy this. 2 stars for effort and great marketing. The loss of three stars for poor fun value for the kid, poor educational value, and deceptive marketing on the box (but we expect that now, don't we?).  Try a more traditional playset.
Within a couple days of giving this to my kid as a gift it turned out to be defective.  There were lines of triangles across the screen.  I bought the gift ahead of time from Amazon, so I was past 30 days when the problem showed up.No problem, under warranty with Leapfrog, right? Right?Yeah.  Dealing with them eventually got so incredibly miserable I gave up.  It would take about a week for them to reply to any inquiry.  Additionally, I had installed the LeapFrog LeapPad2 Recharger Pack in the LeapPad2 before the LeapPad2 went all wonky, and guess what?  The recharger pack IS NOT REMOVABLE.  I never did get LeapFrog to answer what to do about the recharger pack.  In order to get a replacement LeapPad, I was supposed to &#34;deface&#34; the defective one with a marker across the screen with a code number (RMA?) that they, guess what, forgot to include in the email instructions.Yes, I really got an email with instructions that looked like, &#34;write this number (type in number) across the screen with a marker.&#34;And never got an answer about the batteries.And never got a replacement LeapPad2 either.Just based on my experience with the Customer Service, I will NEVER buy another Leap Frog item again, no matter what toy they sell.  By the time all was said and done, I should have just bought my kid an iPod Touch or iPad mini, and a durable case, and put apps on there.IMHO, Leap Frog is the biggest rip-off ever, and will never see another penny from me.
My daughter loves to color and draw, so I thought the Crayola Doodle Magic Lap Desk would make a great addition to our home.  The lap desk was very well thought out.  The size is perfect for kids ages 3-15 (as the manufacturer suggests).  The markers do not stain items, as they can only be used on the lap desk.  The desk has holders that are appropriate for the markers--both on top and underneath the desk.  It comes with a handy eraser, that makes cleaning the desk super simple, and a wipe is included for drying the desk.  Sounds great, right?  Not quite...The markers are very poor.  If a picture is being drawn, you would expect to see it.  Not with the Crayola Doodle Magic Lap Desk.  The markers create very faint lines, that are hard to see.  The colors are not as bright as the markers suggest.  The closest thing I can compare it to is watercolor paint, but much lighter.I expect more from Crayola products, as they have an outstanding reputation for their markers and crayons.  For twenty-five bucks, I would spend my money on something better.  This barely kept my little one's attention for 10 minutes, as she had trouble seeing her pictures and became frustrated.
I thought this was going to be a great purchase, as my toddler loves to draw so much.  The light-up feature, plus it being see-through, seemed like they would make this a toy of choice in the car.  It didn't turn out that way.  First, the ink doesn't show up neon-like the picture shows.  It's a little hard to see the ink in many lights.  Also, the light-up feature is kind of a let down.  It works, but not like the picture.  So...it doesn't much appeal over the Fischer Price Classic Doodler-which gets WAY more use in my house (plus doesn't have pens that need to be replaced).  Save your money.
My daughter is 17 months and loves to watch me in the kitchen so I thought this would be a great learning tool for her and being Fisher Price, I had high hopes. Boy was I disappointed! First of all, it was very easy to put together but the plastic feels so cheap and flimsy! She has knocked the entire thing down twice just by lightly pushing on it and it's not heavy at all to keep it in place so it's also not sturdy. Another complaint I have is that the picture of the pie in the oven and the backsplash images are printed on cheap CARDBOARD and are only held in by tiny tabs so my daughter has easily removed them and ripped one. Kids can push right through them; Fisher Price would've been better off making these stickers to stick to the flat surfaces so they'd at least stay in place. The purple pan doesn't sit flush on the burner and while I like that it has little hooks to hang up the cups, there should be something to store the dishes and other accessories in instead of having to put them in the oven. But the most annoying part of this kitchen of all is that Dora's voice talks nonstop and the child doesn't even have to do anything to make her talk - the things she says don't even correspond to what the child is doing. If my daughter is playing with the pans on the burners, it talks about the sink. Where's the educational value in that? Also, the Spanish voice sounds muffled and you can't really understand it.The one positive thing I can say is that we do love the accessories and they are made of good quality. It comes with a spatula, cups, plates, pans, and play food such as chicken, macaroni and cheese, and eggs. But I'm sorry I just cant see that this is worth the $50 price tag - the quality is worth maybe $10 if that. So my advice is use the money you'd spend on this piece of junk and put it towards a higher quality set like theStep2 LifeStyle Custom Kitchen II, Brown/Tan/Green. My nieces and nephew have this Step 2 kitchen and it's totally worth the extra money because it's made of heavy duty plastic and is very sturdy and more life like. Sorry Dora, but your kitchen is terrible.
The time arrived on time. The product is very small and cheaply made. Waste of money! The only thing we kept are the little shoes for the ponies.
While this toy seems like it should be appealing, there are some drawbacks that limit the appeal, and even to the extent it is appealing, it wears off rather quickly.  Within an hour of opening this toy both of my daughters were at the table drawing on ordinary paper with regular markers.To begin with, this toy takes three AA batteries which are, of course, not included.  Once inserted, the toy lights up with a series of different patterns, depending on how many times the child presses the buttons.  For instance, the lights can flash alternating lights, or light up from the center outwards or the outside inwards.  In the end, though, the different effects aren't distinct enough to keep kids' attention.  Furthermore, the lighting effects are nowhere near as brilliant as the box shows (which my six-year-old daughter noted with due irritation).The toy requires specific gel markers which come with the toy, so when those markers run out/dry, you'll have to find other special ones (although I understand that ordinary dry-erase markers work as well, but those don't come cheap either).  Also, it is rather difficult to completely clean the board for the next picture - you'll either go through a lot of paper towels or have to rinse out a cloth a couple times each time you need to clean the board.  And then the child has to wait until the board is completely dry before drawing again.  Patience is a virtue, I suppose.Finally, we found that the stand tends to pop out rather easily, causing the board to fall in mid-drawing.  To the extent they've used it at all, my kids tend to draw with it on the floor and then stand it up to watch the lighting effects.The one very positive feature is the built-in marker holders on the back, so at least you won't lose the markers.  They only hold the original markers, however, so if you get some other kind to replace those, they won't fit in the holder.Our two daughters (ages four and six) have played with this toy only a handful of brief times each and even the friends and cousins we've had over have taken only a brief turn or two.I recommend skipping this product - it's too expensive for the minimal fun your children will likely get out of it.  I haven't looked at Lite Brite recently, but that was one of my favorite toys as a kid, and infinitely better than this toy - check into that instead.
I bought this at a local Walmart, looked like a fun toy for my lazy cats and it would be, it if work correctly. It's good for about 2 minutes before it gets stuck, moving back and forth in one spot slowly and my cats lose interest, I have to lift the cover and it will start going around again, but only for a minute. I moved it off the carpet and onto the tile floor, thinking it might work better, but it doesn't.Great idea, bad construction.
I don't recommend this toy. You could get something much more durable and entertaining. This is very cheap!  Keep looking.
I honestly didn't have a lot of hope for this toy going in.  I had multiple color change toys as a child, and none of them lived up to my expectations.  It got old asking Mom to toss a doll's dress or a stuffed animal or a toy car in the dryer or trying to make room in the freezer to achieve the change.There was always the possibility that the technology had advanced enough to where stuff actually worked as it was supposed to.  Unfortunately, that's not the case here.The cold wand has a cartridge inside that has to be filled with water and frozen.  The "hot wand" (which doesn't actually get hot) requires AAA batteries (which we had to scavenge). Armed with only the hot wand at first, I discovered that nothing changed on the clothing.  At all.  So the toy is no good to you right out of the box, as you have to wait for the cold wand to freeze.  Once it did, it did change the color on her clothing.  Finally. So apparently the "hot wand" is for changing the color back once you've changed it with cold...good to know. Also, the freezer cartridge is small and could easily get lost in the freezer or thrown away - my husband had no clue what it was when he found it.You can use warm and cold water to achieve the changes, as well.  There's a makeup applicator which can be dampened with cold water and rubbed on her face.  I got the best results with this and at least it can be done right out of the box- I used cold water and got her "makeup" to appear after several passes.  There is a dipping station for her limbs, sand a misting bottle for her hair, as well.  This means more points against, though, because it just isn't as much fun as using the wands would be if they actually worked.  You have to dry the bits off, and children are going to wind up spilling water everywhere.  If you use water on her dress or hair, you're going to have to wait for them to dry...and the color will then go back!The furniture is cute, and it fits in well with other Monster High playsets.  You basically get a little dresser with shelves, a rolling cart, and a "monster slab" that the dolls can recline on.The doll herself is unremarkable.  The best part about her is that her wig is completely removable, so your child can have a bald doll if he or she wishes (which is rare in itself).  I would assume that this also means there will be more wigs in the future, so that children can mix and match.The bottom line is that I wouldn't pay the $39.00 Amazon price.  It has its good points, but the color change features are supposed to be the main focus - and they fall flat.
My grandkids aren't particulary rough with their toys but this thing falls apart so easily.  They found it very frustrating.I love Little Tikes and have been buying their products since my kids were small.  This is not up to their usual standards.
The game is better on the Wii U. I was in my brother's livingroom, and we started hearing voices coming from the XBox One console. Needless to say, we took the XBox One back and he bought a Wii U instead.XBox One has facial recognition technology, so yeah, it probably was the NSA trying to communicate with us. Spooky.
The helicopter stopped working after 10 minutes, the tail motor burn out making the helicopter useless, It took 4 weeks to get here, was shipped in a Styrofoam box that looked like it was taken out of the garage wrapped with shipping tape, the helicopter and other parts raddled around inside of the box did not even fit inside the cut outs.
the size of the hanger were too small for 18 inch doll clothing; size is more suited to Barbie dolls
I bought these &#34;action figures&#34; to go with the pirate ships (Bucky and Jolly Roger).  The circular bases make the figures difficult to position on the ships.  They do not fit well in the crow nests etc.  Difficult to have these figures play together on the spots where more than one character should fit like the top decks.  I am very unhappy with the set.  I did not give it a one star only because my 3 year old son will still play with them off the ships.  When something is advertised as &#34;action figure,&#34; one does not expect a figure that is just meant to sit on a shelf.
I had one of these 40 years ago and it was great. Now even as an adult I can roll the circle inside the ring without it coming out. Not much fun when you have to be uber careful. My kids out it on a shelf and there it sits.
The B-Daman Crossfire Break Bomber Battlefield Set is an eye-catching toy, especially with the Thunder Dracyan and Lightning Dravise figures. However, the game's style points are squandered with plastic flimsiness and a lack of replay value.Probably the fastest thing you'll discover about theB-Daman Crossfire Break Bomber Battlefield Setis how quickly it will bore your children. My sons (11-year old and 10-year old) played the game twice, each winning a game, before they asked me if they could stop and go play with something else."It felt like Pokemon and not as strategic as Magic the Gathering," said Kai, my 11-year old. "It isn't as fun as it looks. The game says it is for ages six and up but it really is too simple for kids older than 8."PROBLEMS* The trigger is touchy. B-Da marbles stick in the magazine.* Once the B-Daman figures is loaded with B-Da marbles, the figure is top heavy and easily falls over.* When marbles strike each other, especially the heavier marbles, they tend to fly outside the Break Bomber Battlefield.* The B-Daman figures are not durable. I cautioned my sons to play with them gently but it is easy to see why so many people report the game breaks.Rating: One star.BTW: If the Japanese B-Daman toys seem familiar, that's because the toy industry has become quite adept at squeezing huge profits out of combining animated TV shows and collectible toy sets. For example:*Mighty Beanz*Pog*HeroClix*Bonkazonks*Ninjago*Bakugan*Redakai*Beyblade* and who could forgetPok&eacute;mon?
My kids love Mario and Gang so they were more than excited to receive this K'nex track set. However, the poor quality of some of the blocks -- many either didn't fit right or were too loose in fitting -- frustrated my kids, who are all good at LEGO building.  One of the rocket boosters on Mario's kart simply could not fit in at all, possibly due to an incorrectly pre-drilled hole on the kart's body.  Very frustrating, as you can imagine.  I did receive a separate kart (which I'll review separately) so at least we got one kart with both booster pieces.Speaking of Mario's kart, the battery compartment has proven to be impossible to open for us.  I used various tools but was never able to get the compartment to open, after removing the single tiny screw.In the past we were unhappy with K'Nex products due to poor QA. That impressions stays on and we'll never buy K'Nex products in the future.
i was really pissed about this toy. my son begged and begged and begged me to get him this race track and fortunately amazon was the cheapest place that i found this race track. I ordered the race track and after all of my other orders arrived at my house i still hadn't received this race track. I didn't even get a call from amazon to let me know something was wrong. I had to contact Amazon myself. Then they tell me that this race track was in stock the day i ordered it but unfortunately it recently became out of stock and we are going to have to refund your money. Well you tell that to a 3 year old little boy on Christmas. needless to say i never did receive the damn race track.
Very cheaply made. Set much smaller than it looks. Bought to go with my granddaughter's play kitchen and they are by scale much smaller than the pic looks
I ordered this mostly for the long haired, ponytailed Cleo that was supposed to come with it but instead I got a Scaris Cleo with the Oasis clothes and accessories. I want to say whoever sent me this traded out the actual doll and jipped me in the process but it was so well packaged that I honestly think Mattel screwed up.The Oasis itself is lovely but, like I said, I just wanted the doll so this kind of ruined it for me.For others looking for a new Cleo that already have her Scaris doll this will probably end up being disappointing.
This review is written from the viewpoint of a parent and educator.Presenting this box to a young child makes an impressive gift.  It&#8217;s large, colorful (of course, it&#8217;s Disney!), and eager little hands can&#8217;t wait to open it.  But, be prepared&#8230;For all its packaging and size, there is surprisingly little inside the big box.  It contains:  a spiral bound activity book (basically, thin sheets to color); 12 markers of poor quality with insufficient amounts of ink in them (how frustrating!); and a messenger bag with Velcro closure.The sheets in the notebook are too thin for the markers; colors will bleed through to the back side.  And if the markers were really &#8216;wet&#8217; enough, color would seep through multiple pages.  There are pages that are intended for older children, missing the mark of this younger audience.  It would have been a nice touch to add sheets of stickers and a glitter stick.The messenger bag is nicely stitched canvas.  The Minnie Mouse, flowers, and bird painted on its cover seem to be heat-sealed and should hold up to a child&#8217;s use.  The Disney logo is 3-D.  The markers can be seen through a narrow, long opening in the bag.  Slipping the back cover of the activity book into the bag is how it&#8217;s held in place.What I dislike is that the bag is open on the sides.  This prevents using it as a tote bag.  If the activity book is removed, a small, slim book could be inserted there, but not much more, rendering this a fairly useless bag for future use.Prices fluctuate at Amazon, so it&#8217;s not a good idea to include them in a review.  However, I wouldn&#8217;t want to mislead you, since this may not be the quality of gift you have in mind.  At its present price ($29.99) I can&#8217;t recommend it.  Other than the Disney licensing costs, there is absolutely nothing in this box that amounts to more than a few dollars (if that) to manufacture.If you still intend to place an order, make sure you buy a set of decent markers; the originals won&#8217;t last.  They need to fit the opening in the messenger bag&#8217;s space.  And if you are considering another activity pad or art paper, it must be thin enough to fit into the bag.  It shouldn&#8217;t exceed dimensions of 7.5&#8221; length and width.One final word:  Don't.
My daughter bought this with her own money, she liked it a a few weeks. Now she never plays with it, and has lost some of the pieces. Its hard to store w/o loosing pieces.
First, upon receiving this in the mail, I have to say that the packaging is HUGE and over the top. They put the bag and the coloring book side by side in a giant box. It's completely ridiculous and very wasteful. Once we unboxed it, it didn't get much better. The bag will really only fit the markers and the book (I really thought it would be more like a cute messenger bag to fit a couple other items). My daughter loves taking her coloring "purse" around, but I really hoped for more. The bag also has that weird plastic smell. You know the one - it smells like a new shower curtain. It's really not something I want in my house. It's a fabric bag (I think) but maybe it's the print on the front? EIther way, it stinks.Next is the "activity book." Sure, I guess, but really it's a pretty run of the mill coloring book. The other problem is that the pages are really thin and flimsy. When using markers, I tend to buy marker/paint paper for my daughter. This paper is way too thin for markers. Some of it goes through to the other side. My daughter even managed to color a hole in a piece without trying overly hard.And the markers? Well, there's a nice range of colors here, but they don't provide much coverage and they are a little dry. Skip. Try something Crayola branded instead. You'll get a lot higher quality product for a lot less money. And they have plenty of nicely Disney branded options. I'm sure you can find a cuter messenger bag to hold everything elsewhere as well. I'm headed to Etsy.
I did not like this toy in the least. It leaves a lot to be desired. It reeks of a poorly utilized license cash-in. In general I have very little positive to say about this product.The assembly difficulty is highly uneven. While the track is basically a handful of clip together pieces, the Piranah Plant set piece is rather challenging, even for an adult. The sticker placement is also challenging and with a strong enough adhesive you have one chance to get it all right.The car itself is simply useless. The molded top fits over the car body, so the assembly is easy. However, the front part of the body stretches out too far. This results in the car sticking on the ramp. Basically, the car will not travel a complete circuit without constant help from the user. Removing the plastic body and using just the car base is even worse. Without the car body the car base travels too quickly and will jump the track and fly off.The Piranah Plant is honestly just horrible. It is difficult to assemble and barely works. The molded pastic Piranah Plant head is so heavy, it binds up the movement mechanism. I had to apply a lubricant to get the unit to work smoothly. Worse, the green pipe doesn't affix securely to the frame. As a result, it will continually fall off while operating the Piranah Plant. Lastly, the whole Piranah Plant is rather superfluous. To use it on the track means you knock Mario's car off the track. A car that doesn't auto shut off. So, on the occasion Mario's car makes it around the track, you knock it off and it shoots off. Tracking down Mario's car non-stop makes this an aggravating, high maintenance toy. Also, if your not careful, Mario's car will break the Piranah Plant in some way. It really isn't designed to be constantly hit by Mario's car.Overall, I would not recommend this toy. It is expensive and of dubious enjoyment. There is very little interaction to be hand. It is distinctly a single player experience. The little interaction to be had, the Piranah Plant, causes the car to crash and careen off the track risking damage to the car. The toy is difficult to assembly and full of tiny pieces that are easy to loose. Worse, the toy simply doesn't work; the majority of the time as Mario's car get stuck on the ramp. I was very disappointed with this toy.
Too small and kind of flimsy.  For the price I figured it was worth a try, but at this point I should have put the money toward a bigger slide for my 16 month olds.
very cool toy, kids are enthralled, but the longest loop de loop track doesnt work. The rubber rollers do not generate enough force to propel the car that came with the toy all the way around the loop. the car gets half way up and drops to the ground. The other two loops work great. Kids seem to be satisfied with the toy's limitations but it's absurd the biggest loop doesnt work. We have tried with other, lighter cars, and still no luck. Furthermore, The D batteries start to fade so the rubber rollers start to slow imperceptibly, and then the other two loop de loops start to fail too, cars drop to the ground half way around the loop. So sad....
These might make good ornaments for a shelf or something, but are bad toys. A coupe of them barely stand on their own and all of them are cheaply made. They are all (except the tic-toc croc) on a little cheap plastic disc base. No parts are moveable so it is basically just a little cheap plastic statue. I don't see how they can be worth more than $1 each, honestly.
The game is somewhat similar to connect four in the sense that you're trying to knock three blocks into your opponents quarters, but you're not dropping objects, you're shooting the blocks out with marbles.My son was very excited about the game, after all, what boy doesn't like something which shoots an object? We put everything together, I showed him how to use it, and off we went.Shooting the marbles at the blocks, and knocking them through. A couple of reload timeouts and my bomber broke. There is a piece of plastic which holds in one of the side arms, containing a blue piece of plastic. Once this broke, the blue plastic fell out and the actuator for the marble shooter now malfunctions. The spring just flops all around and the bomber is completely useless.The game is now bundled up in a plastic bag to decide if it'll go in the trash or just be used as a one player game.
I bought this for my 8 and 9 year old kids, but when I tried demonstrating how to use it, even I could not complete one design. The disc kept jumping, and the strange putty included to hold the ring in place only made it nearly impossible to use, as the disc kept sliding around and underneath. I let my kids play with it anyway, but they both told me it doesn't work and they lost interest in it right away, I am disappointed mostly because I remember playing with spirograph when I was a kid and it worked easily. I just wasted over twenty bucks on garbage.
Cheapest thing I have ever seen. Won't trim out or adjust in any way. Sending it back. I must haver gotten a bad one, or they just all suck. Why do they sell this crap!!!!!!
These hangers are alot smaller than they look and there is not any way the dresses will stay on the hanger.  They are more flexible than I wanted.  I wouldn't recommend these, even tho they were inexpensive.  Buy something of better quality.
My son received this last week for his 3rd birthday and what a disappointment.  It took forever to put together, not because it was confusing, but because it kept falling apart... over and over and over again.  There are 2 foam airplanes that are doomed to be destroyed, I foresee them being crushed, bent, and just generally ruined.  When they work they do go flying but I would say you only get it to go far 1/4 of the time.  Most of the time they fall off the little truck and land at the bottom of the slide.  The piece is large and takes up a good amount of space, unfortunately, this means I have a toy that keeps falling apart taking apart a large section of my family room.  Once it's put together, you can't really move it because (surprise, surprise) it falls apart so you need to find a location you like and leave it there.  Previous reviewers have said they have super glued it, I've considered it, but I'm not sure if I want to invest all that time (and super glue) into it.This toy will not last long in our house, I won't keep a toy around that is perpetually breaking.  What a waste of money.
Wii U is much better, because you have more options on the gamepad during gameplay. Much better graphics in my opinion too.
Once again, I've seen these beautiful dolls go at $25 dollars at magor stores online. I can't even find one in stores, I go here and find it for $29.96 only to find it's a joke? Why would They take the actual price tag away? I got my hopes up for absolutely nothing! I want this doll so badly, but, I can't imagine paying twice the price for it. I'm very upset that others can afford something I should be able to buy as well.
i saw this set at walmart and got it . when i opened it i noticed ghoulia,s arm was missing . i looked around in the box but it wasent there . my sis said maybe thats how shes supposed to be . i returned the set the next day
This toy is really cool.  I like the option for different languages, and being able to slide the screen is also a lot of fun.  But it is WAY TOO QUIET!  You can't even hear it at all unless you hold the speaker right up to your ear.  I would not recommend, considering returning this for a different toy.
i went to walmart, and saw this castle. its so small. i was hoping to find a much bigger castle.the crystal rainbow castle from 2006 is bigger than this one! i dont reccomend this product.
This was easy for me to put together.  The kitchen itself is just a bit on the cheap feeling side in my opinion.  My daughter gets more use out of playing with the accessories.  Well, to be honest, she's tipped this kitchen over several times.  I've had to put duck tape on it and make it stick against the wall.  Even so, she gets some fun out of it running to us taking our orders.  I wouldn't really recommend this though as surely there has to be better stable kitchens out there.
Update November 21, 2013: I called Crayola today. Please keep in mind that they close at 4PM EST. Might be a little harder for the people on the west coast. I spoke to a Bridgette who has very friendly. She asked if I could give her the UPC code. However, the UPC code was covered with three stickers from Amazon and each one I pulled off pulled off the number she needed. She then asked if I had the instructions. I did! They will ask you to read a number off of your instructions if your UPC code is not readable. It took a few minutes, she was very nice, and they are sending new markers.  I will update when I receive them.My daughter and I were both very disappointed that so many other reviews were correct about the markers' colors being too faint. The mat itself is very well designed and high quality, something I expected from Crayola and its parent company, Hallmark. The loops on the mat to hold the markers work well and are easy to use. The 2' x 3' mat rolls up easily for storage. Of the four included markers, only the green one was visible and even it was not dark enough. The yellow was totally invisible!I sincerely hope that Crayola can improve the markers, add fine and thicker options for the lines they make (like the options for permanent markers), and also provide more colors. I gave it two stars because I love the mat and am hopeful that Crayola will improve the markers and sell them separately so we can use it.Until the markers draw with enough depth of color, I cannot recommend this Doodle Magic Color Mat to anyone.
So . . . I requested this because it looked clever.  Every parent occasionally needs something kids can write with that won't get on everything.  The idea of color drawing that works only on one surface appealed to me for my over enthusiastic 2 year old.  The lap desk comes with a wiping cloth, an eraser brush and four supposedly color special markers.  The eraser brush and markers fit in grooves in the back for easy storage.I might be worthwhile. If the markers worked.  You know that adorable label on the cover with the house?  If you think you can draw like that on the tablet I'm afraid you're out of luck.  I pulled out the first marker and we tried it . . . and it barely left a scrap of really faded color across the area.  I thought maybe it was the marker, so I tried again.  All the markers are like that.  There's no  real color at all,  My son has to press super hard with the marker, destroying the point of the marker to make it show up for a few seconds.I could argue on top of this that a set of markers that has red and yellow and green should also have blue, not orange--but it's really pointless.  The crayons don't work.  I thought maybe I had a defective set, then I saw the other reviews which essentially say the same.Poor product.  I'll go back to using a magnetic drawing tablet with my kids.  It's more effective.
Orbeez Luxury Spa / B00CI6JPNCI'm really dreading this review, because I had expected to like this and came away really disappointed. Full disclosure: I do not have children. I ordered this because the product description specifically called out that the item is also for adults and that "even your mother or father can enjoy the Orbeez spa experience". I also have been *really* wanting a foot massager / pedicure experience, and I love the Orbeez (we have some in vases) so I figured this would be fun and pleasurable.First: This spa-toy was a huge pain to setup. There are no batteries included, and it takes C batteries for the bouncy motor and LR44 button/watch batteries for the light show. We don't keep either on hand, but luckily we had some C "adaptors" from Eneloop which turn AA batteries into C-sized ones. (This proved aggrieving later when the metal spiral in the battery case snagged on the adaptor case, but that's not the fault of the spa-toy.) The battery cases are screwed into place, with soft metal screws that tried to strip as soon as we touched them. Coaxing the metal screws out of the plastic case was particularly difficult; we eventually had to insert a thin paring knife to "lever upward" while my husband gently worked the screw up. (At one point he seriously suggested breaking the case open because it was proving so difficult to open.)Second: I should have anticipated this, but I forgot that Orbeez have to soak overnight in order to plump up. Some kid is going to open this and want to get to it right away only to be told they have to wait! That's not *such* a big deal, but these are the most delicate Orbeez I've ever seen! We have some stronger ones in our vases, but these fall apart if you squeeze them too hard. I was super-careful with the spa, but even with my feet moving gently through the orbs, there were still bunches of shreds to strain off afterward. This leads me to believe that the orbs won't last long, which means having to buy lots of replacement packets, but also means that you can't get around the overnight soak by just keeping some always plumped and ready to go. So whoever uses this is going to have to always know several hours in advance that they want to use it.(There's also no cover for the spa, so if you leave the Orbeez in the bucket, you'll need to place it high enough that smaller children or pets won't eat them. And you'll also want to store it somewhere where the kids can't knock it over and spill everything.)Third: The bouncy / massagey area is one circular drum in the very center. It doesn't bounce the balls much, nor does it do a particularly thrilling massage. While the marketing says all sizes of feet fit in the bucket, you have to crowd your feet into the exact center to get the actual massage experience. The model they used in the instructions has her feet spaced a normal amount apart -- I can almost guarantee she's getting absolutely no vibration on the heels or toes, and only a partial amount on the soles of her feet. I find that very disappointing. I think this would work for small children, but not for people with larger feet. (I'm a US size 9, for the record.)Fourth: The drum is fairly loud. We used it on carpet and on hardwood floors and it was very annoying to listen to in both cases. It also feels like it's shaking the entire toy, so I'm wondering how durable the plastic material is going to be over time.Fifth: The Orbeez are cold. Well, no problem, right? The marketing specifically says: "And get this, it now comes with a massage function, a warming feature and a light show." So we'll just turn on the warming feature! Except that the "warming feature" is you pouring hot water into the spa. If it gets cold, you dump the water out and pour in new hot water. I guess I shouldn't have expected an actual heating feature in a kids' toy, but I'm not really thrilled with having to turn off my foot massage, dry my feet, walk to the kitchen, wait 5 minutes for the sink water to heat up, and then pouring that in so I can resume my massage. I guess Mom/Dad/Spouse is supposed to wait on you? Except that you have to pour the cold water out before adding the hot, so either way there's not a seamless way to continue the massage once the water has chilled.Sixth: Buy refills. The spa comes with 15 packets of Orbeez, and the instructions call for using 5 packets in the spa at a time. (Though my 5 packets didn't make the spa look nearly as full as the marketing photos.) Those 5 packets' worth looked pretty ratty after 3 extremely careful / gentle sessions with an adult trying to 'baby' the orbs. I would guess there's maybe 10-15 uses of the spa packaged here, and then you'll need to buy more. So if this review has made you whip out your wallet, make sure you also buy some Orbeez replacements now while you're doing your holiday shopping.---As I said at the beginning, I really wanted to like this spa and was expecting to go easy on it because it *is* a kids' toy at the end of the day. But there's a lot about this that seems really shoddy and even sneaky -- I'm annoyed at marketing which calls adding hot water a "warming feature", which mentions that C batteries are required but doesn't call out the LR44s, and which pictures a model whose feet are placed incorrectly in a tub which is staged to look fuller than yours will. Kids care about their toy looking like the marketing (or at least *I* did as a kid), and so that kind of bait-and-switch bothers me.And while I like Orbeez and I love the concept, in the end this feels like a problem in search of a market; the glossy paper ad included in the box (in contrast to the black-and-white instructions) shows Orbeez waterfalls and Orbeez mood lamps and Orbeez magic crystal balls and Orbeez animal-shaped keychains. You get the impression that there's an warehouse somewhere full of surplus Orbeez and they're churning out cheaply-made toys trying to desperately use them up. But if that's the case, why didn't they use the sturdy kind that we keep in our vase (and which break only under actual duress) rather than these flimsy ones that fall apart if you look at them wrong? I don't know.Shorter version: I wouldn't buy this for a child (and I have nieces to shop for!) because of the frustrating setup and long prep time, the lack of storage for the Orbeez, the noise of the motor, and the unpleasant aspects of the massage itself (specifically, having to hold your feet in the exact center and the coldness of the orbs). And I certainly wouldn't buy this for an adult, because while an adult could navigate the logistical problems better, they're more likely to want an actual massage and not a colorful gimmick. So take my opinion for whatever you think it's worth.NOTE: This review is based on a free Advance Review Copy of this product provided through Amazon Vine.~ Ana Mardoll
The children had a great time playing with the WeGlow party set.  They love glowsticks and necklaces.  It was fun.For the most part though, this was a 30 minute toy.  There is one centerpiece light that was a little more complicated to set up and there were plastic throwaway silverware that were glowed up by having glo sticks go in the end of them.  However, most of this kit is made up of glo-lights and throwaway plates, cups, and one paper tablecloth.  While the colors were bright, the set is of 8, so you would need more than one for the average birthday party. At this price, I would just buy:8" Glow Stick Bracelets Mixed Colors (Tube of 100)or this pack:100 8" Premium Glow Stick Bracelets Party Pack.
Because of the shortage of helium going on right now, all of the places I went to in order to get this balloon filled up wanted to charge me at least $15 dollars (and some wouldn't do it at all, they said it was too big). So I had my husband fill it up with air using an air compressor. He was gentle and did not overfill it. It didn't float but at least we could stand it up next to our party guests and take pictures with them. But then within a half an hour it started to sag and within the hour it was pretty depleted of air. I know helium is a light gas with small atomic size, so I don't believe that air would leak out of a balloon like this faster than helium, so I can only assume that the balloon had a leak - and a fast leak at that. Thank goodness I didn't pay $15 to have it filled with helium or I would have been boiling mad!
My nieces and nephews all got this device for Christmas -- ostensibly for educational purposes but (by my observation) also as a means by which to pry them from their parents' IPads. The LeapPad2 has been a major disappointment for all of them. Many of the thoughtful reviews here detail the flaws (and joys) of the LeapPad2. My complaints in brief follow:- For kids used to an IPad the LeapPad2 is clumsy and limited. It lacks the fluidity and intuitiveness of a grown-up tablet.- All of the LeapPad books and games are expensive, costing in the $20-$25 range.- There's nothing special or exclusive about the LeapPad games/books either. For example, a LeapPad  Minnie Mouse game costing $20 is available on IPad for a couple of bucks.-Yes you can now download apps through a real computer but since the LeapPad2's memory is extremely limited you're mostly stuck buying -- and lugging -- cartridges.  In 2013 this seems primitive.- There are few LeapPad games or books for kids under 4. Unfortunately the littlest kids are the only ones with any tolerance for this limited device. By the time a child is 6 (at least in my family)  a LeapPad is considered a "baby toy." If you think your investment in LeapPad is worthwhile because it's long-term you may be in for a sorry surprise.- Unless you buy the $50 recharger  you'll be putting in new AA batteries every other day.- The screen is too small and low resolution to make art apps the glorious fun they are on an IPad.  Kids are sorely disappointed.In conclusion, the LeapPad may have been an ingenious invention back when we were all using PCs and laptops. Now that the tablet era has arrived it's simply sad. DON'T BUY IT. Save up for an IPad or give your kids the less expensive larger-screen Kindle Fire. Either are real investments in your kids. A LeapPad is just money set on fire.
If you purchase this toy, it will be the most expensive lapdesk you have ever purchased for your child.  A better use of your money would be to purchase an actual lap desk, drawing paper, and washable markers.  My daughter is nearly two and she loves to draw.  Typically, I put her in her highchair with some drawing paper and her washable markers and let her have at it.  I thought this would give her the opportunity to relax elsewhere and draw without me having to worry about the mess if she decided to decorate the furniture or something.  This, however, would not prove to be the item which would accomplish this goal.When I unpacked the desk, I decided to give it a go myself to see how it worked.  I was horribly disappointed.  I could barely see the faintest of marks on the board.  I wrote some words and challenged my husband to read them to me and he couldn't make out what I had written.  It was honestly that bad.  I thought maybe the board needed a bit of cleaning first, so I used the little solution and gave it a once-over, but that did nothing to help.  I have no idea how you are supposed to clean it once the solution runs out because I didn't see any refills.My daughter was bored within seconds.  Once she saw that the markers left no mark, she asked for her other markers, so I set her up with her usual set.  I tried looking online for a different set of markers, thinking that perhaps I just had a set that was old or defective, but I cannot find another set.  I guess that when the markers and the cleaning fluid run out you are supposed to just plunk down a lot more cash for a new lap desk.  Not gonna happen.So for now I just stashed this in our storage area and once she is mature enough to handle drawing on her own without constant supervision, I will let her use it as just a lap desk.  I could accomplish that for far less than the asking price of this toy.  I expect better of Crayola and hope that they either remove this product from the market or do a big overhaul on it so that it actually works.
While I love the CAM concept, I don't like the fact that there is not enough supply for demand and that there are NO full pieces in the packages. My kids like to create the monsters but they like them to match, and the fact that Mattel released a 5 pack female torso set for only short periods of time makes me wonder if they encourage all the scalpers or what. Every time I have talked to customer service about when they might be getting more in, or what their thoughts are on the situation I get someone who is a completely rude @hole or someone who doesn't speak English or someone who just brushes me off. For the money I have spent on the tons of dolls they are pumping out for kids I am not impressed with their customer service, they don't really listen to what we think/want, only what will make them the most amount of money and keep the kids coming back for more.
My pre-teen daughter enjoys transformers, KREO, Legos, etc., and wanted this set to review. She said the instructions aren't as helpful as they could be - they weren't detailed enough, relying too much on pictures that weren't very clear. After figuring it out, she said although it was relatively easy to get it into vehicle mode, it was much harder to get it back into transformer mode. It's actually still stuck halfway between modes now because she can't get it back fully into transformer mode. The pieces just don't seem to fit together properly. Overall, she rated this one as no more than two stars.
My two-year-old daughter got this as a Christmas gift. She loves Elmo and Sesame Street, so we thought she would get a kick out of this. We were wrong. She played with it for a few minutes, but then Elmo started acting weird and she came out of her room crying and said he hit her. Unlikely, but he might have squeezed too hard. I also noticed that even with fresh batteries, Elmo doesn't talk very well and sometimes his speech sounds slurry and garbled. He doesn't say as many phrases as I thought he would. Since Christmas, my daughter hasn't played with this much at all and it's sat in her closet floor. I would buy something else for little Sesame Street fans.
This Nerf gun broke after the first use.  I am terribly disappointed as Nerf usually makes decent products.  My son got this for Christmas and was so sad after it quit shooting the next day.  Save yourself the disappointment.  Don't bother with this gun.
This seems to be an exercise in trying to look all big and bad for show while frankly being utterly impractical and almost unusable.I was never a fan of either the Nerf Longstrike or Longshot -- the idea of big, long, bolt-action "rifle-like" dart guns has never made sense to me.  In a real cube war or in HVZ, the action is usually more rapid and random, and the idea of someone being allowed enough time or an opportunity to play "sharpshooter" is just ridiculous.  However, there are modding kits out there that will let you take a Longshot or Longstrike and turn it into a more useable dart gun for such activities.  Also, Nerf offered those dart guns with shoulder stock and barrel extension attachments that were meant to be optionally attachable and removable at will -- you could use the different attachments to make either of these guns into the kind of gun you wanted, and Nerf actually marketed these dart guns as having this kind of flexibility.However, the Centurion is designed deliberately to be used in one and only one configuration -- fully assembled into something over 3 feet long.  In fact, Nerf designed the Centurion so that you can't even load the clip until the barrel extension is attached, and then, the barrel extension is meant to remain permanently attached -- this is honestly rather obnoxious!  The option should be there to use this thing with or without the extension.  Unlike real guns where a longer barrel makes a bullet travel farther and straighter, a longer barrel in a foam dart gun just adds drag that slows down the dart -- so the barrel extension on the Centurion is not to be regarded as a plus.That said, even if you were in a dart battle where you really had a good opportunity to play sniper, this dart gun is still just ridiculous.  The bolt-action uses an insane amount of backwards-forwards travel that just slows you down between shots -- I can't believe they really had to design it that way.  I think you'd be better off with a Longshot or Longstrike with one of the many mod kits out there that would improve the amount of power it can put behind each shot -- you'd end up with something of a shorter and more sensible length with a bolt action that doesn't involve a full foot of travel.In short, I can't see a real purpose for this thing other than maybe long range target practice?
I didn't buy this kitchen on Amazon but saw it on clearance for 10 bucks and then looked it up here and bought it based on the few reviews for it being good. Not sure why the previous reviewers never mentioned this item's TINY size. The one I got is identical to the one pictured. Granted, I wanted a compact play kitchen, but to call this compact would be a major understatement. It's even smaller than it looks on the box, and the pots and utensils are almost miniature. It might be a suitable size for a baby doll or a small baby (but of course not recommended for that age). It's sort of comical that one Melissa & Doug wooden strawberry is almost the size of the pot that comes with the set. I can't find any play food sets that would even work with this, other than kind with cheap little cardboard boxes that fall apart almost immediately. As far as assembly, the directions are good and I used both an electric and manual screwdriver and it wasn't bad-- took about at hour (with my toddler butting in). For plastic and its small size, it does feel fairly sturdy once together. My son has played with it, although he would be more interested if I could find play food to fit it. For what I paid, I'll be happy if I get even a month's worth of play out of it. Although even at the current Amazon price of 20+ it's inexpensive compared to other play kitchens, anyone considering this one should be aware it's also smaller than most. Just know what you're getting may not last long for a child 2 and up. Also, Amazon is advertising the stove as having lights and sound. Not even close.
I cannot say that I am all that much into Monster High and I probably would not admit it on the internet if I was.  So I left most of the testing of this product to my three daughters, 10, 7, and 6.When I took the car out of the box for my kids, my initial impressions were quite positive.  The level of detail on the vehicle was quite good for a plastic car.  There are various spooky details on various components.  The dash has a spider web inlay, the shifter and tail lights are gargoyles, and the steering wheel and wheel covers kind of has a medieval cross design.I gave it to my kids and by the end of the day, I had one of the girls come up to me and tell me that it broke already.  There is a seatbelt in the trunk/back seat area that holds the dolls in place.  That seatbelt broke completely off, so at this point the back seat is useless.The girls continued playing with it and at the end of the month, they gave me their list of pros and cons with the car.My girls loved the idea the car had a trunk where they could put the dolls' clothes and such.  They really liked the fact that the car could seat 4 dolls, assuming the seat belt did not break.  They also loved the detail of the car and really liked the shifter and the fact the car had cup holders.My girls were really disappointed in the fact the rear seatbelt broke.  They also showed me that when they put their dolls in the front seat, they sank way down in the car.  The seat belts in front were a bit tough to put on as well.My oldest daughter really liked the details in the car and she gave it 4 stars, deducting a star for the broken seatbelt.  My middle daughter was a bit less impressed by the details.  She also cited the broken seatbelt and gave it 3 stars.  My youngest daughter was much less forgiving about the fact the car broke.  She gave the car a 1 star rating.Personally, I will give kudos to the details and the overall sturdiness of the car.  However, I can imagine a parent having to deal with a crying kid if they have the same thing happen to them as we did and having to deal with trying to return the toy and getting a replacement.  Based on other reviews, I think our car breaking is an exception rather than the norm.  However, I cannot change the fact ours broke the first day.  The average rating of my kids would be 2.67 stars.  Factoring in my opinion, I give the item 2 stars.
Sell a device with a companion app for mobile devices. use this for education or drawings or fun stuff for kids. The concept is good, but in practice, does not seem to go well with my daughter, who is 5 years old. She is an expert in ipad/iphone since years already, and she did not enjoy too much this eco-system of the stylus and the app. I must say we already have lots of apps where she can already play games, draw pictures, do alphabats, maths, etc. with just fingers. You don't need this extra stylus.My advice to such makers: Invest in good apps, have great designers for apps for kids. You might have to shift from being toy manufacturers to just mobile app vendors. And in that space you shall have competition.
The concept is cute, however this toy is hard to use- the handles get stuck and its almost impossible to rotate as it should.  Would pass on this product, just buy the accessories separately and keep them in a Tupperware.
Got this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for christmas but she immediately was frustrated that the swing kept falling off when she tried to put Arial in it and now she doesn't even want to play with it at all.  Not made very well, a little flimsy.
I have written reviews about the LeapPad 2 and the LeapExplorer - this LeapPad Ultra will be singing the same tune.  This product falls way below the expectation that LeapFrog sets with its great product line.  It took several seconds (2-15 seconds) to get the device to move from screen-to-screen.  The web browsing is horrible and you can't buy free or low dollar apps the traditional way like on a Kindle or an iPad - the apps on this device are quite pricey and you can't really roam the internet or the app store like you can on a Droid or Apple product.Simply get a refurbished Mini iPad or Kindle Fire and encase it in an Otterbox for solid, reliable durability... and enjoy all the other advantages of having an iPad (email, web surfing, etc).
Yes, it's made of wood vice plastic, but still the price I paid for the size of the item doesn't seem right. Oh well - on hold until he gets back into Thomas the Train some more.
My 2 year old daughter loves Doc and I couldn't wait to add the big book of boos to her collection - but this item fell short. It wasn't put together well  - looked pretty cheap compared to other items in the Doc collection.
looks cheaply made and not at all like pictured. its an inch short than described. hes very curled up and does not compare to the alive troopa goomba.
Great idea, poor engineering.  The bones get stuck inside the dog and cannot be taken out.
My kids (son and daughter) LOVE transformers! I think they would have enjoyed this more had it been better made. The quality just isn't there. From the junky pieces that I kept having to fix ("Daddy, can you fix this again?"), to the launchers that were very hard to use ("Daddy, can you put this in for me"), these toys proved to be an excersize in futilty.....I got frustrated very quickly.The game play:Work hard to fit them into the launcher and then let them rip. For my kids, they almost always transformed, so, go to the chest to see who wins. Blaster beats fist, fist beats sword and sword beats blaster. My kids did enjoying trying to figure out when the other would select.....but how long can that hold a kids attention for? Not long, I can tell you! Not even 10 minutes in my case. And the reason it was almost 10 minutes was because of so many "Daddy can you fix this?" and "Daddy, can you get this in the launcher?" My kids are 7 and 8. My nephews came over, 4 and 6, and they had no interest in the "rock, paper, scissors" aspect, and started watching TV after the first request for help came in.Quality:Not really there. Flimsy, cheap plastic. Doesn't launch well or fit easily. I can't see it lasting very long. Pieces turn to robot mode so easily that it almost always relies on what power you select.Imaginative play should not include making believe that everything works. I think if the pieces were a little bigger and better made, this would have been more enjoyable for everyone, even if the price were a little higher. At this price, it's inexpensive, but too cheap to recommend. Pass on this one.
This was our first step into the Little People toy world and I was really not impressed. My son is not a rough kid and loves to play with smaller toys, but every time he would bump into this or knock it over, it was coming apart. The "pasture" was also not well thought-out, as all he has to do is pick it up and it falls apart. I've spent more time putting it back together these past few afternoons than anything else.The toy doesn't hold his attention for very long either. I think, if the entire play set were purchased, rather than just this starter kit, more fun would be had, but these Little People toys are expensive! I think we'll be passing this onto a friend. No need to keep a toy around that he doesn't find fun and I don't enjoy having to constantly mess with.My recommendation? Choose a different toy!
What is pictured in this posting is not what I was sent.  I was sent a cheap knock off but the picture of the product looks to be a better quality product.  I am currently contacting the vendor to see if what I was sent was a mistake or if they really are doing a switch and bait with the product they are selling.
I have to say this toy did not go over well with my kids.  From my point of view, it is very one dimensional.  There is just one layout, just one way to use this.  For me, a far better toy would allow creativity in setup and play.  I loved my hot wheels track as a kid, but this just doesn't lend itself to any creative reconfiguring of the track.For my kids, they found slamming on the launcher painful and less than effective.  The trigger to make the robot explode was too stiff for the truck to actual set off when launched and after a few attempts it was abandoned.  Within 15 minutes, both had said &#34;Meh,&#34; and went back to other toys.Pros+ The Monster Truck is OK.Cons- Kind of a waste of plastic- Cannot be reconfigured- Limited functionality (slam and set truck off on 14 inch run.- Trigger button not sensitive enough for the car to strike and set off.- Kids did not like it.Summary.This was a disappointing product both to me and my kids.  Try out bigger sets with lots of track and the ability to creatively reconfigure you track.
I bought this for a game lover as a stocking stuffer. We plated a few times over the holidays, but it just did not hold our attention. A disappointment.
The musical toy is ok for smaller kids. My 14 months old plays with it occasionally and 3 year old a bit less. Not their favorite toy, probably because it doesn't make too much noise? I think the xylophone is too small (short) and the eyes are not real thing drum and cymbal. Other kids are not fascinated by it either.My biggest complain to me is that for me, my husband and 3 year old the owl looks rather like a demon. Not sure what psychiatrist would say;) but all we see is two big eyes, huge open mouth (part with xylophones) and two ears with earrings (the wings and drumsticks). Creepy. My 3 year old son looks at it suspicious and when I asked him if the owl is cute he said NO!
The idea behind this is great but it actually doesn't function very well. The balls don't pick up easily and you have to push too hard for little hands.
I'm really disappointed in this game.  The marketing made it look like it would be absolutely epic!  Unfortunately it's more of a snooze fest.  The fighting mechanics were pretty cool in the beginning but then it just got boring because it's constantly more of the same.  The worst part is that they have such amazing graphics but there are only 3-4 different bad guys.  Sometimes you're fighting 2-3 of the exact same bad guy. REALLY?!  Lame.What I expected:  Great graphics, fun gameplay, good story and great upgrades with exciting weapon variation.What I got:  Strong graphics (ding on lack of enemy faces), boring gameplay, story way too slow to be interesting, boring upgrades to character, little to no weapon variation.Snooze fest.  Save your money for something else.  I've already traded it.
Got this free from Vine, but wouldn't have paid list price. My son is 12, found this to be useless - the equipment was 5 and dime quality,(folding funnell, teeny magnifying glass)and tedious and boring instructions. Not enough clay. He loves science and is an A student -but found the kit to be poorly organized and ill equipped
A great idea, poorly executed. The cars that go with the launcher roll up into a ball and are supposed to launch out, extending back into their car shape. Unfortunately, after playing with this toy for 30 minutes, neither my son or I  could get the car to expand. I even bought an extra car for it, and it would not expand either.The hand that you are supposed to push down to launch the car is a bit unwieldy. It is a big too stiff for a 5 year old to operate, and it's too small for an adult to use properly and my hand kept getting caught in the parts.It does assemble easily and the cars themselves are novel, the unit as a whole is disappointing. It does require batteries, but really only to operate the light, which is not really required at all.
Don't get me wrong, my daughter loves it.  However, this product was so poorly made.  The plastic is as cheep as they come.  My daughter has house/castle/palace type toys for years now without incident.  As for this product we will be lucky if it lasts another month or two.  What an opportunity Mattel had to make a great well made product, because this movie Frozen will become one of the classic holiday shows in many years to come.  We even thought that there was a possible chance that the plastic material used would break in the process.  By the way, what a small sized castle I have ever seen, but still wanted 99.99 for it.  We would have preferred a better made product and pay more money for it knowing it would last.
I love the kitty dolls but am disappointed in Coffin Bean Torelai. One side of her hair is supposed to be shorter and tapered but it is poorly done. The way her hair was attached to the box put a bend in the hair that makes the chopped side look even worse. I think the quality of the Coffin Bean dolls are not as good as most other Monster High dolls. The shoes are not very detailed which I have come to expect from Monster High dolls.
Wow these seemed to be a pretty cool toy but turned into just some really pricey cars.  First is the price which is a lot for two cars.  I thought it might be worth it as the vehicles are really high quality but are still just cars.  You can interchange some of the parts with other vehicles but if you have to pay a lot for each one is it really worth it.  Also the pieces are tight fits and kind of hard to take apart for me and even harder for my kids to get apart. I really wouldn't recommend getting these at all.  They are some very good quality toys that roll really well but aren't worth the price.
My daughter is a typical five-year-old.  The package on this game indicates that it's good for ages 3-6.  Well, it definitely skews younger.The rules are very simple.  You hide the cards face down and try to find the pet that matches the house.  That's it.We were done in less than two minutes.  At the &#34;that's it?&#34; expression on my child's face, I went back to re-read the instructions.  Perhaps I had missed a step?  Nope.  That was it.  The whole game played in 2 minutes or less.The cards are cute and the pets are adorable.  Unfortunately, that's all I can really say about this.  I'm stunned that this won some sort of award as my daughter doesn't want to play it again - and neither do I.2 Stars.
This is our second loom purchase for the Rainbow Loom on Amazon.  We had already bought one but my daughter needed a second one to achieve the width required on some projects as she is more experienced now.  Well, this one is not even a real loom.  Not only are the curves different and sharper, it does not have the official Rainbow Loom plaque on the bottom side.  I asked my local craft shop owner to tell me the difference and she explained it.  She also said that when a business signs a contract to distribute Rainbow Loom they are made to promise not to sell it on the internet.  I don't know if that is true or not, but she has her inventory on the internet excluding Rainbow Looms (hers are stamped) and the branded Rainbow Loom rubber bands.  My daughter has been frustrated getting them to match and now we know why.  I will be buying her a second authentic one from the craft store next trip in there.
The Lego figure itself is fine, so the product is not defective and I suppose the error is mine because I did not pay close enough attention, but I thought this was a package of 11 figures.  I would never have spent $8 (price plus shipping) on one Lego figure.  I was disappointed in that, and felt like &#34;11 mini figures&#34; in the title was a misleading, but after the product arrived and I inspected what I had ordered, I did see that it was Series 11.....I give it 2 stars simply because I feel that for what I paid, the value was not great and I was disappointed that it was only one, but again that is my fault for not reading closely.
I did not realize this was made of cheap Styrofoam.  I assumed from the price it was at least plastic.  A kid would destroy this in two mins.  I sent it back.
6 year old got this for christmas. The seller was great came when it said it would but the game itself was not good. The pump falls off and the &#34;doo&#34; never would come out of the dog. The kids tried to play with it once and it has been on a shelf ever since that day almost a year ago.
Topped off with a charge , used once, both batteries heated up to about 160 degrees when used , not they are trash , will not even get the bird in the air ,,, NOT HAPPY with these ,
My kids were so excited to get thees as a birthday present along with the new &#34;Frozen&#34; castle toy.We were very soon disappointed. 3 different people assembled 3 different toys in the order that the instructions outlined.Not one of them has stayed assembled for more than 10 minutes, tops.In less than 18 hours since they were opened and given to the kids we have had to reattach pieces more than a dozen times.The plastic parts are sturdy enough and the detailed features and accessories are adorable.But the annoyance of having of having to repeatedly assemble these items is utterly ridiculous, especially considering the price that they are asking for this $5 hunk of plastic.I'm certain they could do a far better job of engineering these toys.
My wife and I bought this gift for 4 year old son with some christmas money he had. Needless to say its is a piece of junk. Totally disappointed. My son is a huge cars nut and has just about everything pertaining to it. This was a dud and cant believe disney endorsed this toy. THIS WILL BE GOING BACK TO THE STORE.
Very small and flimsy. Looks cute but won't stand the rough play of toddlers. My 1.5 year old girl looks ok playing that and my 3.5 son looks like a giant next to it, he has to kneel down to play with it.Would I buy it? No, I'd invest in more sturdy kitchen or other pretend and play toy that will last for years, with more doors, drawers, storage. Kids love to play that and this grill doesn't keep their interest for as long as Step2 kitchen.Even if you want smaller toy go with tool bench or sturdier grill if this is what you need.Not recommended.
As I have commented in someone's review, I ordered this from SCLM and wound up cancelling the order even after Amazon showed it as shipped. Obviously, it wasn't shipped even though I received a notice two days prior that it was. I compared the box in the picture to what was shown in a Michael's ad and thought I was getting the real deal. No where in the description does this say they are not authentic, and they seem to make every effort to make us believe these are the real Rainbow Looms. I contacted the seller to question the authenticity and was advised to cancel my order if I was concerned about quality. On the plus side, they did refund my money promptly.This is second time I was duped online. The other Rainbow Loom I bought from a different online store was so cheap and broken up that I cannot give it as a gift. Even the bands looked different than Rainbow bands and had a chalky substance on them. I wound up driving two towns over to go to Michaels to get  it myself. It would be one thing if the sellers clearly labeled this as a knock-off, but this is deceptive and probably illegal. At least give me the opportunity to choose if I want a fake or the real thing! And to top it off, the inferior fakes cost just as much or even more than the original.And just as an FYI if you choose to purchase this, it is shipped from China and takes more than a month to get here. It might not get here for Christmas. I was told it would get here sometime between 12-13-13 and 1-13-14 and I ordered this on 11-16. This was after it said it ships in 3 business days and gave no indication of how long it takes to arrive until after the seller marked it as shipped.
Terrible toy, do not waste your money.  I actually cannot believe that we bought this, but you, if your kiddo wants something, you are most likely going to buy it for them.  I cannot tell you how many times I have had a screw driver in this dogs mouth, trying to push the goop out (aka poop).  It constantly gets stuck inside the toy.  The toy is cheaply built and feels as if it will fall apart at any moment.  This toy is also rather vulgar, as it makes farting noises when in use.  Terrible toy.......
This is a good concept, a baby doll that you can bathe in their very own little bathtub. I was excited to give this to my daughter when our new baby was born so she could have her own dolly to bathe while I bathe our baby. But now that we have played with this doll, it seems like this toy wasn't really thought through very well.The main problem I have with this doll is that IT FILLS UP WITH WATER, and is very hard to empty out. The way I see it, at best this will get water all over your house as your toddler carries it everywhere, and at worst it will get all moldy and yucky inside from always being wet.First, the good things:The doll is cute. It has cute (very) blonde hair. It maybe looks like dolly has a little makeup on, but it is cute.The bathtub is fun with the squirting feature.The purple "stain" on the baby comes off with warm water or heat from your hand - kind of fun.Now the negative:There is a big hole in the baby's back (as well as in the back of the towel) where baby was attached to the packaging. Now I think that is just ridiculous to compromise the toy itself to make it easier to package. Maybe they put the hole in there to help drain water out of the doll? You have to wonder if much water would get in the toy without the hole.The fact that this doll fills up with water (and is very hard to empty out) is really my main complaint, but it is a big enough one to merit giving this toy two stars.My kids play with this doll and bathtub in the tub when they take their bath, and that is fine. I just don't want that doll being dragged around my house getting everything wet.
The main issue I had with this toy was that the pieces didn't seem to fit together the way they should have. I stead of snapping into place, they hardly fit together and then came apart the moment my daughter tried to play. Mainly the slide (which is a main part of the toy!!!!) and the shelf inside... If this toy was made a little better I am sure it would be great. It is very cute, but a shame that it won't stay together.
1st off i bought this from wal mart for a lil less than 20 dollars new.so this add is way over priced imo.ne ways the 1 i got shot only 1 outta 4 different kinds of darts and the 1 it would shoot went about 5 feet max.i returned it and decided not to try another 1.maybe i got a lemon or this guns junk.imo dont waste your money on this gun buy a nerf brand instead and dont get disapointed.
Very pretty color on these. You can make very simple bracelets, the single ones these work fine, IF YOUR CAREFUL with them. If you try to make a big bracelet where you have to go from the middle to the side etc. One of them will pop when you're half way through the bracelet, and you have to start over its really irritating. I started over four times before I finally gave up. I tried testing the rubber bands before using them to see if they were going to pop. I was very, very, careful with them. I did not pull on them hard. I made sure I did everything possible to keep them from popping, and they still popped. I just found official Rainbow loom gold and silver ones on the official rainbow loom website. I found them on Amazon too but they're way overpriced, go to the rainbow loom website. THE OFFICIAL RAINBOW LOOM ONES I SAW SO FAR WERE A METALLIC MIX. THREE DIFFERENT COLORS. ONE IS SILVER, ONE IS GOLD, AND ONE THAT IS A DARK GOLD/COPPER COLOR. THEY ALSO ARE COMING OUT WITH NEW COLORS ALL THE TIME.
As multiple parents noted already, there are major problems with this product:-pieces do not fit together (the slide, for example, cannot attach to the tree house and so it becomes quite useless-it is very expensive but cheaply madeTo sum up: the idea is great, but the execution is awful.  All of the customers should receive a refund or a better-made replacement product.  Too bad that the Daniel Tiger brand is associated with it.  Please come out with better products so that we can support your brand!!!!
My daughter wanted this so badly for Christmas.  However, the diary never seems to recognize her voice so we constantly have to reset it.  We have tears and frustration constantly.  I can't even get it to work.  I think the old fashioned key and lock diary would be better and less frustrating.
They have a nice gold color, but about 1/4 of them break when you are trying to use them. Note this is a pack of 100, while similar-size packs at the craft store come with 400.
The objective of Swivel is to match four tokens-in-a-row of your color to win.  The tokens are randomly drawn from a bag, and there are a half dozen 'wild' tokens mixed in.  When a 'wild' token is drawn, either of the top two tiers may be turned 90 degrees (on a swivel) in order to help line up a row of tokens.  There are four tiers, and the bottom two tiers do not rotate.I played this game three times with three other adults, and each game took about 10 minutes.  The game was just way too simple (read:boring).  With so few 'wild' tokens, a game passed with no one rotating the board at all.  Also, the third tier is stationary.  I think it might be a bit more fun if it moved as well, but as it is, only the smallest tiers move, so the overall effect on the gameboard is minimal.  Simple isn't bad in a board game, checkers and traditional Connect Four still hold up, but Swivel was just too dry.  We all became bored quickly, as the strategy seems to be 'place your opponents colors randomly and as far away from each other as possible'.  Each player's color is 'secret', but it quickly becomes obvious who is going for what type of color to match.  Also, the board and tokens feel fairly cheap.  I wasn't expecting them to be handpainted, but think something along the lines of a dollar store purchase.The game is rated for ages 8+, but I wouldn't image anyone over the age of 10 would get much enjoyment out of this.  Chutes and Ladders has more excitement.  Back to the drawing board on this one.
I got this quad copter to do some cool tricks. Now, I've got a lot of money and am a highly experienced rc pilot. It was pretty fun when it actually worked. I did a few flips, but on the 6th one it nose dived strait into the ground. The foam around one of the rotors broke, so when you apply power the rotor would hit the loose bit of foam, so I had to rip it off. Who doesn't even make an rc aircraft not even out of EPO foam? This thing is STYROFOAM!  On attempt #2 the stunt button was broken. But still, the piece of junk nose dived again and broke even more, making it unable to fly. Later today I will be putting it into one of the propellers of my 12 foot B-29 Superfortress nicknamed "Death Machine". I later got a Master CP from Xheli.com which worked much better and did a lot more than this piece of crap. I did inverted flight, misties (spinning flip), side rolls, flips, tail spins and more. But this one is junk, DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK!This is an update to my review. I put it into Death Machine's third rotor. I watched as the piece of junk exploded into a million pieces all over the hangar(garage). It will be taking a vacation to the dump same as all my other air hogs do.
One more time. I think these vendors buy factory seconds or rejects. I have bought many of these helis and 1 out of 4 will usually fly correctly. I think I will have to find a different brand to demo and sell.. They fly great when they work correctly, if you get a good one. Good luck
My daughter, was recently introduced to Ariel and Disney's Little Mermaid so when this came up on the Vine for review it was kind of a no brainer. I was really excited to give this to her but that excitement was kinda short lived.First of all the plastic is really brittle and cheap with-in 2 bath times one of the arches above the slide had broken where it clips on and now it wont clip on anymore.The slide doesn't really work because the area for Ariel to slide down is really narrow and her armsdont bend down so they catch on the walls.The flower that she is supposed to stand in for twirling and diving works well enough IF you can get the figurine into it. It's really tricky to get it to clip on to her and once she's in she doesn't really stay in very well. You really have to shove her down into the flower and she has to be perfectly straight. to top it off this thing hangs from suction cups on the bath wall so with all that pushing and rubber cups there's not a lot of stability.The figurine itself is cute and the petals for the dress are kinda cool but she really doesn't look much like Ariel.She is pretty durable though and while the rest of the set is no longer in the tub, Ariel is still being played with.Overall I'm unimpressed. My daughter is already frustrated to the point that she pulled it off the wall and set it down outside the tub so she could just play with her other toys.It looked like it would be a lot of fun but I can't recommend it.It's fragile and cheap and unless you're a collector I don't see any reason to buy it.2 stars for the figurine but that's it.
2 things really bother me about this particular doll.  This plush is very small for the price ( she doesn't even stand as high as a bottle of water if that gives you an idea of size). I NEVER would have seen this on a shelf and bought it for this price. I could have gotten an 11&#34; on Disneystore.com for the same price as this one,  my fault of course for not looking around but I really like amazon and normally they are on top of things like this so it didn't cross my mind to check around first plus the reviews were so high.  Secondly, While this lambie is very soft, she has a beany bottom half which I am sure is probably to keep her sitting upright, but for snuggling purposes is not so great and I know my daughter is going to love her so that is exactly what she is gonna get lots of.  She seems to be well made when I inspected her but overall I am just not happy and the cost of returning her would have been around $10 so we will be keeping her.  Also, Disneystore.com is also offering this same plush for $5.00+tax and shipping so check around before you order.  I only gave her 2 stars because while I hate it she will still be loved by my little girl.
Should be doggie don't work we played this game one time oh my it was funny it brought smiles and laughter to the children's faces and a few snickers from some adults but the fun ended as guick as it started so like any good grandparent I dug the &#34;doo&#34; out  Reread the instructions in case I missed something in which i had not but i started all over again it worked for one pump and never again so don't waste your time or your money on this game and you won't have disappointed children
As a lifelong fan of the 1966 Batman tv series, I bought these figures to finally own a piece of tv and cultural history. The final product proved to be less than perfect, but there are pros and cons to this controversial collection.Not long ago, three different toy companies announced they would be producing lines dedicated to the Batman tv series from 1966 which starred Adam West and Burt Ward. Those companies were Mattel (who bought the license to monopolize the market by exclusively making 6 inch figures), Figures Toy Co. (who bought the license to specifically make 8 inch Mego-style figures using the likenesses of the Batman series actors) and NECA, who have an exclusive license to make figures of Batman and Robin literally standing at approximately 18 inches in height.As many of you know, Mattel utilized a special group of contract sculptors for their popular He-Man Masters Of The Universe Classics line of figures, which feature some of the best quality sculpts and designs. This team of elite sculptors is known as The Four Horsemen. The Four Horsemen are a team of specialized sculptors who work for Four Horsemen Studios, a collectible figure design studio and manufacturer. They specialize in creating sculptures of toys and action figures. The legendary company was founded in the late 1990s as a contractor to Mattel, and have since grown to an independent studio creating their own line of figures in addition to manufacturing third party designs under license.Sadly, Mattel did not employ The Four Horsemen to sculpt what I feel is the most important Batman collection a company could produce. Instead, Mattel utilized their own sculptors. Whether it was a cost-cutting measure or a simple mistake, Mattel failed to deliver sculpts which captured the entire essence and realism of the 1966 Batman characters. For the final product, consumers are left with cartoon-ish interpretations of real actors in costume. While these childish designs might appeal to small children or fans of Mattel's WWE wrestling figure collections, most buyers and fans over the age of 12 will not be satisfied with these infantile figures.Pros and ConsPro: The first-ever licensed 1966 Batman figures we've been waiting for!Con: The figures have severe quality control issues ranging from defective and weak joints to poor paint jobs.Pro: Batman and Robin's fabric capes have wire in them which allow you to shape them for poses.Con: Mattel is monopolizing the market by owning exclusive rights to produce 1966 Batman figures in the 6 inch scale.Pro: The set includes a creative window display so you can recreate Batman and Robin's adventures as they climb up and down the side of the building.Con: Mattel uses a low-grade plastic on the figures and certain key parts differ in color.Pro: The figures have suitable articulation.Con: This 2-pack is currently the only way for fans to purchase the Burt Ward version of Robin as a figure.
The figure looks great. No doubt.  I wish the head for the original Godzilla figure was the same as this one.  The teeth are much more prominent.  However, the gaps in the abdomen and hip joints are way too big.  It's down right ugly.  The original godzilla had less range of motion, but there is almost no gap.  While this figure has more range of motion than the original, you would not want to extend it to its limits because the gaps that are created are so ugly.  The thickness of the material has been reduced from the original and I believe that is part of the problem.  While the original SHMA Godzilla feels heavy and durable, this guy feels a bit flimsy, especially at the ab section, where you can easily bend the material in.  A lot of problems with the gap could have been solved, if they just extended the sections of the figures by a few millimetres.
I was really excited to get this toy, but when we started putting it together, I noticed it was very wobbly.  In order for it to work well, it needs to be propped up against something (which is incovenient in our house where we have no bare walls to do this).  I was hoping to be able to &#34;take-n-play&#34; as the title indicates, but it is very awkward and hard to move and doesn't stand on it's own.  I will not be taking this anywhere.  Either it stays as a permanent fixture in the room, or we give it away to someone else.
My three year old got this as a gift. Cute, but it's very limited. Yes, it's fun to see the dolphins swim around her at full speed, but once you get past that Barbie doesn't (can't) do anything. Her shoulders are jointed but they must stay in one position for the dolphin action. Her hips are not jointed and she can't walk or even stand (which really makes no sense - unlike most Barbies, her feet are flat - so she can't wear Barbie shoes - so you'd think that standing would be easier. With her flippers on she can stand, but don't blow on her.) Tonight we tried her in the bath. The instructions say she needs 9&#34; of water, which is true - she'll then float in a standing position. But 9&#34; is twice the bath water we usually use. Aside from the wasted water, it's a safety issue. Finally, if you turn the knob for the dolphins while she's in the water, the dolphins will turn one way while Barbie will slowly turn the other as she tilts to one side, eventually coming to rest with her face in the water. Some dolphin trainer :). Then you take her out of the water and realize that there's still some energy left in the spinner, so the dolphins spin full speed and spray you. Okay, so that was the most fun we had, but I'm not sure it was intended to do that.
I wish I had read other reviews before purchasing this item, it is clearly not the real Rainbow Loom and my son is having difficulty using it, as the features are somewhat different.  The photos on the box are even poor blurry photocopies and there are typos everywhere.  I'm going to try to return it, but by other reviews it sounds like I may not have much luck.  What saddens me is my son purchased this with his own Christmas money.  So they ripped off a 7 year old.  I'm editing my review because I'd like to add that there are a ton of sellers on Amazon selling Rainbow Loom.  Mine came from TruNorth Products, which has 100% feedback rating and states it is the real thing.  So be really careful.  I was able to return it and am buying again from another seller, so keeping my fingers crossed.  My daughter has the real thing, so I have a frame of reference.  Good luck!
I was surprised to find out that an actual Leap Pad came with the video game. I was more excited than my six year old was though. He already has the Leapster GS and Explorer and I appreciated that this game can be used in either of the game systems.Unfortunately, our Leap Pad is dysfunctional. The screen is off in its calibrations. When you touch a place on the screen it responds in another place. It is very frustrating and kills all desire to play the games because you have to figure out where to press.I hope I can return it for one that works. I'll update my review at that time.
Having seen "Superman Returns" several times at the dollar theater and rental from Red Box,  I can honestly say that this figure looks nothing like Brandon Routh.I know that it is supposed to be the suit he is wearing after he gets out of his poorly-landed ship from making a Clark Griswold trip to Wally World Krypton. It is too bad a little more effort was not made to capture a better likeness.I simply find it hard to believe that I put in an extra shift at the drive-thru corn dog shop I work at to pay for this figure.
I got this because i wanted a flying machine that doesn't need a transmitter. So i gave this a go. It worked OK, until it couldn't land. Every time i tried to grab it it would fly away. So I'd have to leave it running until dies. I really didn't like it at all so I destroyed it using my large B-29 RC plane called "Death Machine". I am never buying Air Hogs toys (not hobby grade rc's) again.P.S. Why is this company called "Air Hogs"? Is its symbol a flying pig?
My daughter was really excited to open this, and the doll itself is cute.  However, after playing with it for half an hour, here are some observations:1.) the hair doesn't change colors very vibrantly (even with crushed ice in the hairbrush, which the instructions recommend, and which we did), and it does not last for long;2.) the hair is anchored in the doll's head very poorly, and tends to fall out after brushing.The doll was amusing for about 10 minutes, but given these two shortcomings, my daughter lost interest in it quickly.  If you see this at a bargain basement price, maybe worth a purchase as a cheap gift, but I have to recommend steering clear of this one, since it is advertised better than it performs in real life.
I have a computer sci degree, spent years teaching math, and would LOVE to see my daughter interested in engineering. I was SO excited when I first saw this company on kickstarter. I kept track of the company and couldn't wait to purchase the toy for my daughter. Sadly, I feel like I've been a victim of great marketing and very poor design. This toy DOES NOT do anything to engage your daughter (or son) in engineering. It is nothing more than what you see in the picture... a ribbon with some cheap little &#34;spools&#34; and animals that sit on top of them. It takes about 2 minutes to put it together and wind the ribbon. Then you're done. And that's all it does. And, as some other reviewers say, it falls apart about 1/2 the time. The story isn't that engaging or interesting and the toy itself held my daughter's attention for maybe 5 minutes. Then it was put away and never used again. I sat down with it myself to see if there was more I could do with it. It's a total BORE. And there is little connection to engineering or to any of the interesting &#34;contraptions&#34; you see in their famous viral ad. Finally, I was completely disappointed that while the ad talks of not needing princesses, etc. the other set has a girl on the front with a princess tiara. Did they think no one would notice when the product didn't go along at all with the hype and advertising? There are far better engineering products on the market. Thankfully, we bought some of those as well and they have been put to better use. As for this, I'm getting rid of it.
The Ravensburger Science X CSI Crime Scene Investigation (redundant, I know) Activity Kit really should come in a smaller box. They could have easily put this in a smaller box, but then I don't think they would have been able to dupe people into buying it at the list price. The items are tiny and cheaply-made (how much does a normally-sized magnifying glass cost?) The idea behind the kit is great, but compared to the box and the write-up, once you get to the actual contents of the kit, you won't be able to help but be disappointed. If your child has an interest in the whole CSI/forensics thing (guessing that's a bit rare, to be honest, at least at the intended age range), then this kit might be a better buy for you (as long as it's not list price), but if you're just looking for a general science kit or activity set, you'll be better off spending your money on something else (including some of Ravensburger's other science kits...the Crystal & Gemstone set was much more enjoyable).
It's a beautiful looking game, and it's undeniably fun for a while but it just, I'm sorry to say, gets boring. It seems to take an age to get anywhere, it's hard to get back to the main menu to configure things and it's just race after race after race, often on the same tracks. I also hate that, like $1.99 iPhone games that you can pay to advance further. C'mon, we paid $60 for this, don't nickel and dime us.In all fairness, that's a reason for me to never buy another Turn 10 title.In more all fairness, it is a good looking fun game up to a point and a nice way to show your friends what your new xBox One can do, but it's still very, very disappointing.
We all know Batman does not like guns, that's why he beats up on mostly conservative, educated, patriotic, pro-life, tea party-like, Bible-holding, Christian gun lovers.Personally, I do not like guns either due to a bad experience with a gun and my dad when I was eleven.For my eleventh birthday, my dad took me to a shooting range at Cabella's. Having a mustache by the age of ten allowed me certain privileges other kids with less body hair my age had. Besides, dad liked to go there to shoot the "laser" western rifles and drink. He thought it was safer than hanging out with his Republican friends who liked to drink and shoot real rifles.Someone always got hurt.That "someone" was me on my birthday. My dad only gave me a little bit to drink from his "spiked" 64oz he made at the gas station convenience store, but it was enough that day.Long story short, my dad did not have his rifle aimed down range as he was reaching back for his drink. With me being victim of "friendly fire," his rifle went off flashing a half-second faint red dot directly into my eye.I lost all concept of my surroundings and time as I fell backwards onto a little fat girl in pigtails waiting in line to shoot. The marinara sauce meatball sub she was eating went all over her shooting range coveralls.Crying, she turned around and ran out of the store with her parents not far behind.Before they left, her mom with big Texas hair  chastised me for being so careless.As it turns out, the little fat girl Mic Junegland was a tri-state regional champion two years straight in her age and gender for the laser western rifle simulator. Her parents were hoping to retire and use the prize money to invest in a Sam Goody franchise Bible-themed miniature golf trailer park camp ground with swimming pool. All those plans were put to an abrupt halt when the little girl refused to ever shoot again.Examples like these remind us how guns destroy homes and drive Batman to do what he does. As for the actual figure itself and the reason for ACTUALLY purchasing it, you find the usual points of ((yawn)) articulation, sculpt, paint and ((yawn)) lack of accessories. The figure has since been used for target practice for the Blind Democrat Kids for Guns Club Local Chapter 32.As of yet, none of the kids have actually been able to hit it.UPDATE: seeing as how the figure has gone up in value, I decided sell the figure at a considerable mark up determined by a market by those willing to pay. Just then, one of the Democrat kids actually hit the target and destroyed the figure. Kid's got a great future ahead of him if he's cool with population control.
I am not sure if I received a defective toy or not, but the car will not unfold.  We love hot wheels cars, but the the hot wheels sets are generally overpriced pieces of junk.  This one is no exception.  It looks really cool in the box, but that's about where it ends.  It is very frustrating for a child to try to play with a toy that won't work correctly (or at all).  Our experience with hot wheels SETS is that they never work the way the videos/commercials show them working and they never last beyond a week (and that's being generous).  Unfortunately, this toy is no exception.  Save your money.
Seemed like it might be fun when we bought it.  Kids (7/9) used it once.  Haven't pulled it out to look at since.  I consider that to be a failed toy purchase.  Kinda flimsy, and mildly educational.  But it didn't hold the kids interest, and that is the sine qua non of toys.  Two stars
The hinge on the egg carton ripped apart trying to get it out of the packaging. Love the product but it should be built better.  The exposed hinge is now a sharp edge that may cut my child's fingers.  Returning it.  Design the hinge safely.  Disappointed but I love the squeaks!
A set of 2 small cars/robots that you can shoot out of little fast start mechanisms, crash into each other and they turn into robots.WHY?This toy has absolutely nothing positive to offer. It teaches nothing except to crash your car into your buddies car and then you have robots and then what, they walk off friends,they fight one another? This toy is geared towards boys and as near as I can see it may be teaching competion and agressiveness. Most boys I have known come with that built in and it needs to be nurtured to turn to positive uses rather than negative uses. I feel this toy  reinforces these attributes in a negative fashion. Save your money and find something that teaches high standards in postive,fair competition, and agressiveness in sticking to your goals and not quitting,  or whatever ways you interpet high standards for your kids in these areas.  This toy is not it.
I mean really. I can't believe anyone would actually manufacture this toy. What a piece (or pieces) of crap. I mean get a real dog. Life is plastic enough.
We got these as my daughter is starting to learn shapes and loves cupcakes!  Oddly enough,they smell really bad.  They all smell like permanent marker.  We actually soaked them overnight in hot, soapy water and then again the morning and we can still smell it.  Also, the tops are very hard to twist off from the bottom, even for me.  I'm sure the kids will probably end up using them as play food instead of sorting, etc.I am not disappointed enough to send them back, but I wouldn't recommend them to someone else.
There is one true thing about this item &#8211; the paper does have a glittery sparkle with no glitter mess. That is where the pretty much the only truth to the cover. First off, your pictures will not look anything like those on the cover. The picture on the box is bright and vibrant. Our pictures never looked that bright. Also, if you want to color the princesses the way they look on the box, you will have to buy additional markers because you don&#8217;t have the necessary colors.
The charger never charged the batteries.  And to top it off, I actually went through the trouble of returning the previous model my mother bought that did not have a charger to exchange it for this model that had the rechargeable battery pack....all for nothing.  Luckily the day of xmas, my son was actually able to play with it anyways because I just so happened to have a 15 minute rechargeable battery pack on hand.  Now I'm considering just exchanging this with the previous model without the battery pack, because according to a huge amount of reviews I've read, this is a common occurrence with the rechargeable battery pack whether you buy it separately or in a bundle like this one.  And although customer service is willing to send out a one time replacement for their defective product, many people have stated that they either receive another defective product, or if it does work, it stops working after a few months.
As a Vine Reviewer, I also selected the Track Starter Tower. Amazon and Vine sent me a complimentary box filled with Hot Wheels Track Essential product and a 9 car gift set.I plugged the Starter Tower (20$) up to a few track pieces (2$ at most stores), a loop, some curves, and this.While the Track Builder sets are FANTASTIC together.... This piece I was not fond of, I'm sad to say. The kid in me and adult both like sharks, but the cartoonery of this one is very out of place with the mostly realism of the toy line. It's a bit garish and the color gimmick needs to be played with. The set gets water everywhere and chances are your Hot Wheels don't change colors.My opinion is if it's a color change set, incorporate water on the tracks. Have a stream of it splashing a car or a quick submerging tank on the track. I dunno if physics of HW cars on tracks can make that happen, but the shark set messes up the track's zoom! Anyway I don't feel this is worth the price and the money can be spent on loops or something instead.Hopefully Hot Wheels will put a better shark playset out later.
Dangerous push buggy!!!! The steering wheel does not fit properly into the dashboard, no matter how much my husband and I tried to make the hole for the steering wheel bigger. The steering wheel keeps popping out and bopped my daughter in the face! Stay away from this disappointing item from Step 2.
My girls love it because it's pink, and tiny and it's so girly...BUT I HATE IT because it's tiny, and easily breaks apart. Not to mention one of the pieces was missing from packaging, and it's so cheap too!!!
My daughter got this for Christmas and his batteries ALREADY died... 2weeks later and there is no way to change the batteries... This has become a very expensive stuffed animal.  :(
But my 3 year old dont touch it at all mr pencil looking like FIREWOOD .... She played with it with the app a few times i got  all excited then i turn around and nobody knows where mr pencil is... Ohh there he go on the floor UNder the bed behind a shoe .... Hey he a bit pricey too id say skip it unless your toddler just writing like crazy
My daughter is a huge fan of Frozen.  When this came out of the box, she was incredibly excited!  She spent five minutes just admiring the lights.  It's a really cute idea - it comes with some furniture, Elsa and Olaf.  The figures are very cute, but small.  I thought with the size of the furniture and figures that the scale would be OK, but even with little pieces it doesn't all work well together.  The bed has to be tilted to shut the doors, and our doors keep falling off. I have puzzled over the elevator trying to find a way to make it work, and I admit, it's a frustrating toy.I would think with the movie as big a hit as it was, that Disney would have made a better castle to accompany it.  While my daughter still likes to play with the lights, she's freed Elsa and Olaf and put them in her Imaginext space shuttle instead, and has ditched the castle in favor of a toy that actually works.
Very slow, poor interface, SUPER expensive apps, and the pre-installed software isn't much fun.  For what you pay for apps you are going to be spending more than an iPad soon enough.  My child has more fun on the kindle fire or iPad.  Thought this would be captivating and just for learning... and well its just not worth the money at all.  Doesn't touch it.  Or ask for it.
This playset is not made well.  The head immediately was pulled off of Sofia and the animals are very small and could become a choking hazard.  Sofia has been tossed in the garbage and the animals have been put out of reach of my toddler.
These are SMALL parts.. just like Legos.  DoNOT buy for young children!!  This calendar was not anywhere close to the quality you receive with the Lego Advent Calendars!  I was VERY unhappy!!  And my granddaughter was truly disappointed!!
Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang our involved up to their necks in their next mystery. There is some strange things going on at the Mystery Mine and Scooby-Doo and crew are on the case sniffing out clues and looking for leads.Beware as there are 8 traps along the way and danger is a plenty! Which of the suspects did it? Which of the gang is going to be the first to figure out the mystery? Will it be you?Publisher: Pressman ToysPlayers: 2 &#8211; 4Ages: 5 and UpPlaying Time: 15-30 min.Game Type: Children/FamilyMSRP: $29.99ContentsMystery Mine baseFrame and platformsTrack piecesTrapsCartCardboard pathsPlastic spinner Card holder8 clue cards5 movers5 mover basesLabel sheetRulesScooby-Doo Mystery Mine GameMy daughter who is 11 years old and I LOVE Scooby-Doo! We have all the movies, TV Series, some of the toys and most of the games. It&#8217;s what we do with our time together a lot of the time. She really wanted this game for Christmas so of course she got it. We have the other game like this called the 3-D Haunted House Game which we love so we were excited to play the Mystery Mine Game.The players have the choice to be any of the Mystery Inc. gang. As with the other game, movement is decided by a spinner. As you move through the mine, you encounter clues that help to reveal the culprit. You also encounter 8 different traps that will slow down your investigation so be wary! The first player to the top of the mine will be able to guess who the culprit is and will have hopefully seen the three clues needed to make the accusation. The first player to get it right wins.Granted these games are very simple and easy to play and understand which is why it saddens me to say that my experience with this game isn&#8217;t really a good one. First off all, the game fluctuated in price greatly during the holiday season. It had gone up as much as $10 dollars at Target. Secondly, the cart that rolls down the mine shaft doesn&#8217;t really work. There is a trap immediately after the release of the cart and it stop the cart every time from progressing any further. I would have to physically hold the first trap up to allow the cart to have a chance at moving down the mine shaft. The second trap veers the cart down one track or another and it often stops the cart entirely. The cart only makes it&#8217;s way down the mine about 25% of the time which in turn negates the need for the other traps.While I and my daughter finished a few games of this, it wasn&#8217;t worth the $29.99 MSRP when the game doesn&#8217;t actually provide the experience it is designed to. For a simple game, with a fun theme this one falls flat. You&#8217;d be better of just getting the Scooby-Doo Mystery 3-D Haunted House Game and leaving it at that. Putting out a game based on just a license to generate sells isn&#8217;t often a good idea and that is what happened here. It obviously wasn&#8217;t play tested enough to work out the kinks and sell a workable game.We are giving the Scooby-Doo Mystery Mine Game 3 out of 10 stars.This review was originally posted on Club Fantasci: [...]
This was so unfortunate. The mat is designed very well and is perfect for kids to draw on then roll it up and store it in the closet. I loved the idea of letting the kids have something like this on the floor. Unfortunately, the markers do not show up on the mat so it's useless. This should be pulled until they can replace the sets with the newer markers that work.
I got this for my six year old who loves anything monster high. She has about 60 different monster high dolls and I got this for her thinking she would love it. She did love it until she tried to play with it. The legs kept falling off every few minutes. She has only had it since Christmas morning and hasn't played with this one for almost 2 weeks now. She keeps her monster high dolls in a large trunk I bought for her and she takes them all out and leaves this one in the trunk. Also, the connecting point where the legs are supposed to attach is starting to separate. The upper legs are made it 2 pieces attached to form the thigh area. The entire doll is hard plastic harder than other monster high dolls. This would be great to display, but as a toy it is frustrating to play with. I will be giving this to my niece since she also likes monster high dolls and is old enough to put the legs on when they fall off.
This blaster should never have been released in its current incarnation. While when it works, it can fire a dart for a decent range, the continual (and increasing in frequency) jams should have sent this blaster back to the engineers. Hasbro were aware of the issues plaguing this blaster well before it hit the stores (the earliest previews of this all mentioned the jamming issues), and should have done the right thing and postponed the release to make sure they got it right.Quite simply, this blaster is outperformed by a $5 Jolt. While the odd shot from the Centurion gets better range, the Jolt has a faster fire rate, greater accuracy, and doesn't jam.
Like other reviews I to found that this gun will jam and cut heads of rounds off, to bad that nerf is in sushi a hurry to release new products. they should do more development before release of new stuff.
Save your money and buy an iPad. We bought this last Christmas for my then two year old daughter in hopes of getting our iPad back from her. No chance. She likes to play with the LeapPad, but the battery life is so terrible that she just gets frustrated with it. We have to frequently change batteries. Never mind the fact that the apps are SO expensive. The sensitivity of the touch screen is lacking too. Do yourself a favor and take the money you would spend on this for the tablet plus the apps and purchase an iPad mini for your kid. I would not purchase this again.
I received these at no cost in exchange for writing a review. I threw them away within minutes of receipt and wish I could have rated this product 0 stars. Here's why.1. There is an overpowering chemical stench from this product. I smelled something as soon as I opened the envelope containing the plastic bag these were sent in. Once I opened the plastic bag the stench almost gagged me. I thought I was in a tire factory.2. These are made in China, so no way would I let my 11 month old grandson chew on them. Nor would I let him or my 3 year 2 month old granddaughter handle them because of the stench. I have no idea what chemicals might transfer to them.3. Aside from providing a product that is unsafe, the seller doesn't make clear that while you get 12 dinosaurs, there will be four duplicates. I know the picture on Amazon shows only 8 dinosaurs, but I thought that was just a representative sampling, not an indication that four duplicates would be sent. To me that's deceptive advertising.4. An additional deception is that these are NOT &#34;large jumbo&#34; dinosaurs, as other reviews point out. The seller carefully avoids listing any dimensions--typical of a seller trying to pull a fast one on unsuspecting consumers.5. Finally, not all the dinosaurs stand up properly.NOTE: This same product has been sold for the past few years elsewhere on Amazon: 12 piece Large Assorted Dinosaurs - Toys 5-7&#34; Larger Size Dinosaur Figures. Numerous reviews on that site complain about the exact same things I do--chemical stench, four duplicate dinosaurs, dinosaurs not being large, and dinosaurs that don't stand. I have no idea whether the two sellers are connected and the same dinosaurs are being marketed on this site in an effort to conceal all the negative reviews on the other site, though that wouldn't surprise me.Bottom line: DO NOT BUY this for your children. Anything with a strong chemical stench should be avoided, particularly if it is made in China.
Mattel toys are a hit or miss for me. In this case, it was a massive miss.My daughter was so excited when she saw this ship. I personally was not when I saw how many pieces came with it. There are no tools required, it all snaps together. However, it is poorly made. She has had it for several weeks and I can't tell you how many times the parts have snapped apart. The first day the slide would not even stand up. The slide is two parts and just sits on top of the other part but it has never stayed in place. The instructions were not the easiest to follow, some parts I had to put together and guess. Also the picture is very deceptive, it looks big, and it is NOT! I know there are measurements for the toy and I would note the size first.One thing I did like is that you basically can play with any of your Barbie's with this. My daughter did not know it was for one in particular so she was using the other Barbie's she had. I think that is honestly the only positive thing I can think of with this toy.For the price range, there are so many other toys out there. I waited to write the review several weeks after my daughter had it to see how long she used it. She used it for a few days and it just sits there now. If it gets knocked over it will open up and most of the contents come out and it is very frustrating to put them all back in and try to line up the top of the boat to lock it all up.Do yourself a favor and pass on this one. There are much better toys out there in this price range. I honestly would not even spent ten dollars on it. Mattel makes good things, this is just not one of them.
The arms and legs don't bend. It doesn't seem to phase my child, however, it bugs me! It's durable but I'm a bit disappointed.
***UPDATE 08/29/13***My daughter, who is one, went to grab Elmo the other day. Elmo was sitting against the couch on the floor, and my daughter grabbed his foot to bring him to her. The head fell on the floor, obviously, but there was an audible *thunk*, and my wife and I looked at each other. I immediately went to test out the doll, and found it no longer worked. I replaced the batteries, but that did nothing.It stinks that a simple drop from a resting position would make Elmo completely inoperable. Again, he was already sitting on the floor, so the fall wasn't that great.Ah, well. At least my daughter can use it as a regular Elmo doll. A $50 Elmo doll with stiff arms and a hard head.***First thought I had: This Elmo is HUGE!My daughter is only a year old, but she's already obsessed with the little red monster. We decided to get this for her, and when we opened the Amazon box we found it to be bigger than even her!The electronics are great and interactive, as Elmo constantly wants a hug from my daughter. Being that my daughter is not even a year old and doesn't fully understand speech and its many commands, she ignores Elmo's pleas, opting instead to hold him by his arms or legs. She'll hug him--when she wants.The arms are fine and seem sturdy enough, but I'm afraid they won't last long time. Hopefully they'll last as long as my daughter's infatuation with the creature, but I don't expect this one staying with the family for generations.It's a great Elmo to have. I think the high price is due mainly to the height of the figure. I've seen electronic toys with more gizmos go for cheaper, so my guess is the height and licensing.A great Elmo toy. As if the other two my daughter had weren't enough.
My how Transformers have changed since I was a kid.  Autobot (former Decepticon) is one of the major characters of the 4th Transformers movie.  He transforms from a robot to a car in 16 steps.  16 steps!  And the picture instructions don't help much.  You really can't tell the front from the back.  Anyway, car is light, but plastic and cheap feeling.  A hot wheels or matchbox car is much more rugged.  I realize that years ago Transformers switched from metal to plastic, but even back then when they first switched, the figures were durable...and BIGGER!  I guess you can't relive your youth, but if this is all the current generation knows, then that's the way it is I guess.
Fits perfect for the LeapPad 2, but don't see how it pretects it very much. Seems like to me it's just another money scheme just like the LeapPad 2 itself. Sad how companys like this drain money out of parents pockets. There is no need for the high sticker price all the LeapPad stuff should cost so much.
I am so glad I opened this to try it out before giving to my grandson's as a Gammy's House present (meaning it stays here).  The mat is fine and appears to be well made.  The problem is the markers.  Even after waiting minutes after drawing on the mat with them, only faint images appeared.  The lighter colors, at least to my naked eyes, didn't appear at all.This is definitely not what is advertised either in the product description nor on the box itself.  I will attempt to rectify the situation with Crayola, but until then, I cannot recommend this product to anyone.  It would be too disappointing to young children.
I was hoping that the Dora Sizzling Surprises Kitchen would be a fun toy for visiting grandkids, ages 2-4. Um, yeah. Not so much. First of all, they TOWER over it. (I'm pretty sure the cute ad is photo shopped)The beautiful color pictures shown on the set are mostly just cardboard. The oven door flops open, which may be the reason the child is pictured standing to the side! There are not very many play pieces, which I found disappointing.Here's the thing: The size of this set would make it appropriate for a child aged about 18 months. However, a child of that age may not be very steady on their feet and I feel this set is too lightweight to support a child leaning on it. There are better choices out there.
Based upon the Amazon description, which gave the age range to indicate it is appropriate for families and children, you would look forward to playing something new when you come home and say &#8220;kids, I have a new game we can all play tonight!&#8221;It&#8217;s not &#8211; on the box of the game itself is the warning it is for Adults 18+.If you&#8217;re into the pickup bar scene, have very casual relationships, etc. the questions which are the foundation of this game will be right up your alley.  It&#8217;s not for me or my family.
The whole idea of being able to create a mini animation by flashing between two images is great, unfortunately, it doesn't really work on the Crayola See Thru Light Designer.Even in a completely dark room, you can always see both sides of the panels regardless of which one is lit up.  And if you draw an image that fills the whole panel or touches the bottom of a panel, it really shows up.  It just doesn't work as promised.What it does do it allow you to draw on a clear surface.  Oh and it has a built in holder for the markers.  Nothing worth $15 in my opinion.
I wrote another review expressing my concern about the quality of these dolls.  Not to take from the very creative aspect of each of these dolls, but if you are going to charge a premium for them, at least get the little things right like sending a stand that actually works.  The poles doesn't snap into the base and it falls over the minute you put the doll on the stand.  Also, her tail doesn't stay in.  It falls out the minute you let go of it.  This is very discouraging for my daughter who loves the Monster High stuff but I'm not going to continue buying her expensive dolls only to watch her face as she notices all of the defective items.  I have no problem paying the asking price for most of these and my daughter now owns 23 Monster High dolls, but please, get the quality problems fixed.  It's too much of a pain to ship these back, wait for a credit, then buy a new one crossing our fingers that it will be correct when we receive it.
I nabbed this for my kids from the amazon vine program (twin 6-year olds and a 1-year old). I thought this would be great on long car trips.Its not.The markers did not even last the 5 hour car trip before dying out.The pad that they draw is incapable of handling thick lines and thus, almost nothing can be sufficiently colored in. Thus, like my kids, your kids are going to be disappointed that they can't create the artwork they intended to create.I expected more from such a reputable company.Glad my version was free so I can help others.cheers,Todd
The manufacturer touts the "realistic" look of this bird. Well, if you have any semblance of eyesight, "realistic" is not even close. Let me put it this way - if this looks like a real bird to you, get someone to drive you to the eye doctor or hospital immediately, since you either need some seriously high powered glasses, or you're having a stroke.But looks aside, it has some amusement value. The audio is loud enough to be heard (at least on the one I got) but is overshadowed by the plastic clicking noise made by the moving parts. The movement is mostly limited to the neck. The tail really doesn't move much at all.It sits pretty well on the perch provided that you press in the plastic nubs firmly. It's not easy to hold in your hand since it just flops over.The build quality is pretty poor. I wasn't expecting much, but the quality is less than I expected given the price point. It would be a lot nicer if it actually had some feathers instead of being just molded plastic.I'll give it 2 stars since it did make me chuckle a bit. It's not a good choice for a child since it will not withstand any measure of rough handling. OK for a gag-type gift if you can get it really cheap, but no value beyond that.[Sample provided for review]
Looks cute, but we will never know because the assembly is impossible. They expect you to have things like spare wood laying around. I have followed the directions exactly and cannot assemble it. Ridiculous!!!
The concept is good.  Pull a card.  Act it out as silly and as fun as you can and everyone will vote for the best performance.  But, there are different categories; Most Unique, Best Performance, etc.  Everyone gets 3 award tokens and uses that to vote for the best.The confusing part is the whole scoring aspect.  Me, my daughter and wife played and we couldn't understand ths scoring. We read the instructions on game play, but it didn't make sense.  The box says 2+ players, but how would the scoring work with that?  You can't vote for yourself, so the scoring is meaningless.  I think for Team or larger groups, the scoring might make sense, but with smaller number of players it doesn't work.Also, the instructions don't say that you are to share the scene you are acting out or not.  So, we did let each of us know what we were doing.  We figured that because you are allowed to make noises or use props that it didn't matter if the others new or not.Also, there are several colored brands that the players wear.  Unfortunately, they are hard plastic and not elastic.  So, you either have to be a very small child, or have very small hands and wrists.  My daughter (11 years old) had to just hold the band and couldn't wear it.I like the colored bags that you place the award tokens in.  Those are nice.  Clown nose is useless because you wear it just to make the other players at ease.  But, not incorporated in the Gameplay itself.  I think that maybe the person acting the scene should be the one to wear the clown nose.  That would (maybe) add to the person's silly peformance.Overall, the concept is fun.  But, what fell short was the scoring and instructions.
Kids love this stuff, but it falls apart easily.  Very lightweight material which is great if you have little ones who might toss it.  Pieces usually snap back together, but some are lost now since it fell apart too much.
Bought this as a gift for my 6 year old daughter and 4 Year old son..two very excited children for Christmas and now 2 extremely sad children.  Zoomer will not hold a charge and I have tried everything that spinmaster has suggested.  Spent all day yesterday and today trying to locate a new Zoomer to exchange hers for with NO LUCK at all.  Amazon will sell you one for twice the price it cost which is 100% unacceptable.  Customer service with spinmaster as been terrible as well.  Their excuse is we are busy as this is our busiest time so please email us.  They are not answering direct questions of how they will fix all of our issues or send us replacements.  Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND purchasing this product.  Shocked a company would allow such HORRIBLE quality control.  Allowing all of these zoomers to be released to the public and having such issues.  If one or two persons had this issue I would not be so concerned, but there are many unhappy customers.  At this point I don't know what to do with our zoomer and unhappy children.
I was so excited to buy this product.... My son loved to play with my husbands pocket sized one from the 80's at Grandma's house. This one does come with a lot pieces but the main part has to be held with PUTTY. So this makes it harder it is not flush with the paper and is frustrating for my son and I. At five years old he replied &#34;This is crap&#34; and he is right who thought up this design ? After the putty goes and doesn't stick etc what do you have ? A crappy toy too bad because he could play with his dad's for hours it was stationary. This is just so cheap in comparison not worth more than a few bucks.
Hasbro should be ashamed for selling this piece of junk!  Gameplay is simple: each player controls a farm animal with the goal of being the first to eat all of his or her colored marbles.  Animals are controlled via their tails, which when pressed down cause the animal's neck to extend and its mouth to open.  When the tail is released, the mouth shuts - hopefully capturing a marble of the correct color and sending it down the chute into the food storage tray.  Play is supposed to be a frantic bout of tail-slapping fun.The main problem is that about 50% of the time when the tails are pressed they get stuck.  When this happens you have to reach around and manually lift up the animal's neck/mouth & pull the tail up.  It's truly ridiculous that the core mechanics of the game's play simply don't work.  In addition to this issue, the marbles that do get eaten often times get stuck in the animal's mouth & fail to travel down a chute into the food storage bin as they are supposed to.  Again, simply unforgivable for such a simple game to fail on its core mechanics.These two issues alone make this game a complete exercise in frustration.  Throw in storage design issues - the marble storage compartment with lid won't hold all of the marbles! - and you've got a real stinker.  Shame on you, Hasbro!
Out of the box, assembly takes a few minutes what with positioning stickers and insterting the buildings - one or two were a bit tough and would frustrate a child. It is a storage case that doubles as seating for one, not all, of the race tracks in this line. As much as my son LOVES Cars and McQueen, this held his interest for 30 minutes. Then again, these cars are TINY!!! So a storage unit makes sense.
It was a little confusing for the kids to understand.  Would have been better to by some other game. So
Worst product ever.  Pink cap bottle makes the sound of baby crying, drinking.  It stopped working quickly. The cap also came loose and no longer attaches to the bottle securely, posing potential ingestion / choking risk. The juice bottle does not stand up on it's own because it has a rounded bottom, unlike the picture. Overall fairly useless.
This is made out of cheap materials, especially the velcro closure.  It doesn't give much padding to the Inno Tab.
I had severe balance issues with the blades, right out of the box.  Had to replace them with a new set immediately.  I ended up rebalancing the original blades later, and they worked fine after that.This helo is available for half the price elsewhere, so I am giving it one star for the fact that it is overpriced here and suffers the same quality issues that all of the other chinese helicopters suffer.
I am a huge fan of Jake's pirate ship that came out about a year ago, so was excited to be offered this hideout. But it was very disappointing.First off, you are supposed to use this tiki to turn and open the hideout.  Well, it's HUGE and it's BEHIND the leaves, so it makes it very hard to use it to open it. All my kids basically discarded the tiki and ended up pulling the leaves open manually; which of course leads to the eventually breaking off and me having to constantly put them on again for them.  They should have put a button on the backside of the hideout to open the leaves; simple but still neat.Second, the "slide" does not snap on at all, it just sits in the hole. Well, it's also basically unusable because it just comes right off if you breathe on it.So I just can't recommend the toy. The idea of it is REALLY neat like all the Jake the Pirate items. But it's just very poorly executed and disappointing because of that. I do love the boat they made in this set; so if your son or daughter likes Jake the Pirate I HIGHLY recommend that one!
Having played with Hot Wheels and tracks as a kid, I was really looking forward to the excitement of multiple cars on a sturdy track. With one car, it works well. Pulling levers at the right time to get the car to switch tracks is fun. Otherwise, this track was a huge let-down.* Two cars didn't stay on the track. They kept flying off. Do not use multiple cars near anything valuable or breakable.* It's really large. That's not a con in and of itself, but it will be difficult to store.* When on, it's LOUD, like a Dustbuster.* To produce the loud sound, you need 4 D batteries.* It's wobbly. If your instructions suggest bracing with a book, I'd suggest making it already braced. That seems like a design flaw they should have corrected.* Tablet support is for iPad only. This might seem like a drawback, but given the actual app, trust me, it's not. It's a weak app with poor animation that uses the camera function of the iPad. It's more fun without the app.
Overall, unimpressive.  The set contains a lot of little connector pieces and not nearly enough of the actual rods/cogs to make anything functional.  The two "example" pieces on the front are basically all you can make.I got this for my four year old and he couldn't assemble it without my help.  The pieces fit too snugly for him to be able to securely assemble anything.I'd pass on this one unless you are purchasing it to expand another set.  On its own, it just isn't enough to be playable.
I was taken aback when I read the other reviews. People liked it and to further the confusion, they were actually counting how many cars they could get on the track!? Our counting stopped at one, after one and the cars would fall off the track, dropping like flies after attempting the very first loop.The directions were clear and the track was fairly easy to put together. Assembly time: approximately 15-30 minutes, a whopping 4 D batteries were not included (surprise, surprise). The first included car was propelled at a high rate of speed along the track and maintained this. Excitedly we added a second car and were immediately disappointed when it could not complete the very first loop, then both cars fell off dropping like flies. In an attempt to solve the problem we tried different things. We changed the batteries to ones right out of the package - brand spanking new, we moved the track onto a hard kitchen floor- thinking the carpet was perhaps a problem, we tried adding a book on the track base for weight (as indicated in the directions), also tried a multitude of other cars. The results were the same each time, one car worked - but two or more, no way. Even the first car would fall off after a short time. Disastrous. It appears as if the propulsion wheels that accelerate the cars need to be spinning at a faster rate.The only credit I can give for this track, is that the track seems to be better made than some of those out there that are thin and hard, cheaply made. It also was fun to change the cars track by pulling two levers. We did not have the necessary iPad for extended play.In conclusion, my kids were disappointed, why shouldn't they be? The box was misleading it showed 6 cars on the track racing and wreaking havoc with crashes. This track set will not be a hit at our house.
According to this report, several Playskool products including Tinkertoys contained phthalates when tested: [...] and [...]Phthalates are toxic chemicals that can be absorbed through skin contact and are commonly found in plastics. They are used to make plastics soft and flexible. Get the wooden ones made by Schylling.Makit Toy - 70Pcs.
Not impressed at all. As other reviewers have mentioned, the price is much too high for what's included. The tote bag is very cheaply made and only fits what comes with in the package. The activity book is boring and doesn't contain anything to hold a child's attention for very long and the markers are cheap. I would never pay $30 for this.
I bought this item for my son so that he could better enjoy our extended wooden railway system. Before this, all his trains were manual operated wooden ones, including several from the Thomas and friends team. However as soon as opening the pack, the disappointment started and now I have to return it back after a day of experiencing it.However before listing my complaints, I have to say that it is a good replica of  Thomas, a good quality craftsmanship exist in the way it was built and paint. Yet, I believe that it is the only plus on this item's side.What concerned me first was that it was pretty heavy for a toy. It weighs 5.40 ounces without battery and 6.18 ounces with the battery included. The wooden no-battery Thomas, we have, is 1.95 ounces which is less than 1/3 of this one this one is pretty dense due to its metal construction and this is the main reason behind the weight difference since the dimensions of the wooden one are only a little smaller than the metal one (this one).Its heavy weight is a disadvantage in its motion capacity. It can not move fast and struggles in most parts of the track even totally stopping at most places. So it never offers a smooth ride for the child (tried with two different fully charged batteries). Moreover an item this heavy and dense which also has non-rounded edges (due to the original shape of the train) is pretty dangerous for a toddler to play on its own. Imagine one child hitting a playmate with this toy, or throwing it to wall or glass, all sorts of nasty things can happen therefore, despite its good material quality, I would prefer a cheaper but safer construction for peace of mind.Another disadvantage is how the wheels work. they do not grab the track well can not make smooth turns and struggle to keep the train on track. The front and the back wheels are battery powered and there is no way they move without the battery, so this toy can not be used as a manually operated one without the battery. I would keep it no matter what if there was a possibility to play it manually but as it is it only fits to a museum for demonstration purposes.For the $14 price tag and the fisher price brand name backing this product, I surely expected a better performing toy but thanks to amazon there is always a second option which is sending this back straight away...
Was unable to find an "age range" for this toy, and got it thinking my 6 year old grandson would enjoy it.  He did, for about 10 minutes.  He went back to it once in 5 days and fiddled with it again for 4 or 5 minutes.  He recognized the character and initially seemed interested, but once he realized the extent of what it does, he lost interest quickly.  For him, it was a bust.Time it took to assemble and cost of the batteries to power the driver-tool far exceeded the entertainment value of the toy.  Also there were no instructions, so we had to figure out what the battery-operated thing was for by seeing what it fit.  Wouldn't recommend it.
Purchased primarily for 2 1/2 year old active grandson.  I tried to interest him with it.  But, he was a lot more interested in interactive building block type toys and other more tactile activities.  Five year old has gone way past matching numbers and checkers, paints, and such are much more interesting to her.It sounds like something educational, but, if it does not get the interest, it does not teach.  No fun here at all.  It will be in garbage pretty quick.But others liked it so I could be there were competing toys around at Christmas - or maybe it is not a thing for every child.
This thing was not at all what I expected. It is about the size of a shoebox and comes with a ton of little parts to snap into place and store. Driving your microdrifter lightning mcqueen on the itty bitty road with the backdrop is pointless and my son looked at me and said "That's it?". Yep, that is it.The box is a pain in the butt to open, it takes some real work to get it open and then when you do get it open  it springs open and everything inside falls out. There is a plastic wall on one of the sides of the holder to keep things in place but that is also really difficult to open.The carrier is really compact but with the decorations sticking up it is hard to store. It has to go on the top of a pile and you cannot stack anything on it. My son had no interest in this and it was just taking up space so we recycled it. We don't miss it at all.This might make a good item for a serious microdrifter collector, but to anyone else it is a high priced piece of plastic.
If Superman isn't going to wear the red shorts over his blue unitard, he certainly is not going to need a belt.This item purchased as a gift for my girlfriend's son's birthday. His dad ran off with some other guy to do a some one-man musical roadshow about the life and times of Beatrice Arthur. Not sure what came of that, but from what I heard, he was a huge fan of hers. For some reason, the torched passed on and his boy was unusually obsessed with "The Golden Girls" television show.So much so, the kid has run a Golden Girls fan club since the fourth grade and enjoyed dressing up as a Florida senior citizen any chance he got.Yes, it got weird, but who am I to judge?I liked his mom and was trying to nurture a relationship.It seemed to me that the kid needed some positive male models in his life. One day I took him to my job as a check out clerk at All A Dollar (thrift shop) but he didn't seem to interested in it by the end of my shift. We see quite a bit of action in our store especially on welfare check day.Then, it hit me.He needed 'a man.'Not just any 'man,' but a 'SUPER man.'A Superman.When I got home, I got online and ordered a 52 Superman figure. I had hopes that he would be thrilled with it. Maybe, when he wasn't playing with it, he could display it in some prominent location that would subdue the extensive Golden Girls collection of related swag he had.Unfortunately, it didn't work out that way.Rather, he took a hammer that had just used to hang up another Beatrice Arthur picture and smashed the crotch out of the 52 Superman figure.I doubt even the red shorts on 52 Superman would of saved his genital mutilation, but where do you go from there?
I remember the original 'Spirograph' back in the 60's and 70's.  It was a much superior product compared to this cheapened version.  The plastic pieces were made of harder plastic (making it easier to use), compared to the flimsy plastic now.  Pins and a cardboard surface were included that held the pieces firm as well.  Now they include putty (what a joke!) to supposedly hold the pieces firm (it does not).  Whereas the 60's and 70's product was a total joy to use (because it worked much better and more precisely), this current incarnation is an exercise in frustration!  'Spirograph' is an excellent, classic, and amazing past-time, but this current release is a far cry of what it used to be, quality-wise.  Then again, companies cheapening or 'watering down' quality is so utterly prevalent in today's times, whether it be food, toys, music, and many other products!  America is not what it used to be.  Sad, but true.
I received this item in the mail today. I opened the package and the box appeared to have been taped shut with Scotch Tape. Several of the figurines also appeared to have scuff marks on them and one had paint that looked like it chipped off from his nose. I should have read the reviews before purchasing this item. This was intended as a gift for my son for his birthday in November and I will not give him a used item. I emailed Amazon about it. I fully intend to get a replacement item....a BRAND NEW one at that. The replacement better be new.
I bought 2 zoomers. This one in the black and white for my 4 year old son and the pink one, zoomie, for my 10 year old daughter. Despite reading the bad reviews, I went ahead and bought these hoping they wouldn't have any of the charging issues I have been reading about. First of all, as soon as these came out of the box, I charged each one for an hour long as the directions described. We turned them on and they are the cutest most adorable little things you've ever seen. We were really impressed by the movements of the puppies and how much they resemble a real dog. Now comes the problems. The pink dog zoomie follows commands fairly well. She also runs around and doesn't bump into furniture and things because I'm assuming these dogs come with a sensor of some type that prevents them from crashing into objects. However, this black and white one does not follow commands at all. We understand we have to be patient to train him, however, the zoomie pink dog responds much better and is way far less frustrating. This dog also runs into walls, and furniture and does not seem to be responding well at all. Both puppies have one common issue as well. They do not understand my kids! The directions say to push down on the puppies head and wait for the question marks to show and then you can ask a command. I have tried to do this using my own adult voice, and can sometimes get the puppies to do the tricks, however, my kids are having a much more difficult time despite having them speak loud and clear as best as they can. As far as charging goes, I have not had any issues with zoomie, but once or twice I had issues with zoomer where I had to turn him off, unplug the charger and try again. I usually can get him to charge with no problems, but we'll see how long that lasts. Remember, it takes about an hour charging time and the child only gets about 20 minutes of playtime which I think is ridiculous. If your zoomer is all the way dead, you should proceed to charge, but remember his eyes may not light up at first if he doesn't have enough power to light up. If you wait a few minutes and test his eyes again, he should light up if working properly. I have never used my computer to charge either puppy. I have been using a wall outlet and so far after a few days, both my zoomers are charging. The idea in general is very cute and if these guys would work as advertised, I'm sure they would be a big hit. However, there are several issues that need to be worked out. In my opinion, if you want to buy one of these, and you don't mind the pink zoomie, go with that one as I've had a lot less issues with that puppy compared to the black and white zoomer.
This toy is pretty disappointing. You can barely hear the sounds it makes and there is no way to turn the volume up. The "screen" is just a plastic coated sheet of paper taped to make a wrap that you can slide over to change screens. I worry this will tear in no time. Also the picture makes it seem like it really lights up well. It doesn't. The only positive thing is that the sides are rubber and it works well as a teething toy. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Probably one of the worst quality toys I have purchased in some time. The Steve Figure broke the very first day (within 10 minutes of play his arm fell off and since it is just attached to a small nub it did not stay back on).We returned it as defective and knowing the construction I had no desire to get another one.
This was not really what I expected. The bird was hard and would never stay on the perch. Don't think that I would consider getting it for anyone else.
The toy looks better in the box. I was a bit disappointed with the product because after about an hour with my twin toddlers, the foam toys were chewed or torn up, and the whole contraption easily fell apart. This is not a product I would recommend to toddlers as it's durability is in question.
The idea of this toy was really great but for the most part it was a big disappointment.  These were my issues:Markers- These markers are WAY too light.  The pictures on the package and on the listing page is a big misrepresentation.  The pictures show colors that really stand out.  These are so light you can barely tell what color was used.  The 4-year-old girl that I babysit even told me "these don't work".  She also had difficulty getting the lids off and back on.  She brought them to me several times to pop the lids off and when I went to pick them up, none of the lids were on all the way.  I also noticed that as she was coloring and her sleeve would brush against her drawing, her picture would smear.Eraser- After pumping the eraser many times to finally get it moist, I tried it out and it worked great.  It wasn't so easy for the girl that I babysit for.  Like most little ones her age, they don't hold things the way an adult or older kid would.  She wraps all her fingers around the eraser and just swipes it messily back and fourth like a child does when they're scribbling.  I showed her over and over had to properly swipe it but she just wasn't getting the hang of it.  The problem is she's wasting a lot of the eraser solution and there doesn't seem to be much in there to start with.  What happens when this solution runs out?  The way she uses it, that won't be too long.  Although it looks like water, I'm sure it's not and not that I'd want to purchase more erasers but I don't even see where they sell those individually if I wanted to.Hanging- The idea of hanging the Mat on the door seems like a good idea but if you do that you can't take advantage of the straps & storage pouch at the top that hold the markers, eraser and drying cloth.  Why?  What kid that is at an age that would be playing with this mat can reach to the top of a door?  There is a different storage pouch at the bottom on the back of the mat that can be used though.So with all my issues is there anything I like about this thing?  Sure, the size is great and the roll-up design and storage areas is nice.  There was just too many problems to allow me to suggest anyone buy this.
This game may be fun for a certain age group (&#60;18), but for a group in their late twenties/thirties it was only mildly entertaining.There is no real replay value for the game.  Also, the design of the game is terrible, there really should be separate cards just for guessing, rather than using the playing cards, made it very confusing.
To say I am disappointed with this toy would be an understatement.  Let me make a list of pros and cons...Pros:My daughter liked cleaning it off using the included cleaning instrument.The package was very easy to open.The markers don't mark on other surfaces, but the instructions say to not mark on any surface that cannot be laundered. Okay then.Cons:The markers smell awful.The tops of the markers are very difficult to remove.The markers are very difficult to pull out of the holders on the lap desk.The markers barely even show up on the surface!  How awful for a product that is made for coloring! A total disgrace.The markings begin to fade soon after drawing on the board. The art begins to disappear before the drawing is even finished. How frustrating.The pictures erase when a child reaches across the board for a marker and their clothing or arm touches the art work.Seriously, this product is really bad.  Shame on you, Crayola, for fooling people into thinking it will be awesome.  I could expect this from an off-brand company, but Crayola is supposed to be the gold standard for kids art; at least I believed that until now. I am in shock they would put their name on such a terrible product.  The usability of this product is frustrating and disappointing at best. I rated it two stars, though, because my daughter got at least 10 minutes play out of it before she was as annoyed as I was.
This fashion pack series is the poorest looking that have been released for Monster High dolls.The dress itself looks quite nice, it's simple but the ice print and the fishnet parts are nice details.The handbag is the same that come with basic Spectra doll, but Spectra's one is purple while this one is blue.The shoes are the same that came in Clawdeen's Club series outfit, but those are black and these ones are clear purple.The necklace is a nice addition, and I'm not sure if the mold have been previuosly used.Every character is supposed to have an unique style, but Abbey's outfit comes with accessories that have been previously used by other girls for their own style instead.
We received this today and my granddaughter, who was home sick from school, immediately grabbed it and spread it out on the floor. She also looked at the box and asked it I wanted to hang it on her door - I didn't - so she colored on the floor.Sadly, the pens that come with it are way too light to make any type of a good picture. I'm not certain if they were dried out or simply run very light, but both of us were very disappointed with the results. Adding to the problem, one of the loops that was supposed to hold the crayons in place was broken loose before it arrived.It is a very cute idea - just a white mat that can be used to color - but implementation leaves much to be desired. I suggest just getting your kids crayons and paper ... they will have a lot more fun, have better colors, and you can keep the pictures afterwards.A disappointing idea from Crayola.
I don't normally like Dora the explorer items for a variety of reasons, one being they are not usually good quality. The Dora Sizzling Surprises Kitchen is of very low quality for the price. It is poorly made and very flimsy, it is not very durable at all. For the price you should expect something of better quality, but you are basically paying for the Dora name. I cannot recommend this to anyone for the price it is currently selling at.
This is the second of the AoE deluxe class figures my son has had the pleasure of reviewing. The other was the Dinobot Slug. All of these figures look great and seem to have come down in price since my initial review.This figure is much more complicated to transform than Slug, as well as more fragile. My son could not transform it without the instructions, though it does convert to a nice little car. The limbs are connected with plastic ball joints, which gives them a lot more mobility but it makes them more fragile. When one of Slug's limbs popped off, it was easy to fix. I just stuck the whole ball joint back into the socket. However, during the transformation process of Drift, one of his legs broke outside the ball joint so it's impossible to fix. He'd only played with the toy for a week at that point.So while the toy itself looks great, the design doesn't seem to hold up to frequent transforming -- especially for the Drift model. Slug was definitely the better of the two. But if you're thinking of buying these for a child who's rough on toys, you might want to look elsewhere.
I read the raving reviews and also a few poor reviews but I took a risk and bought one for my 2.5 year old son when Big Hugs Elmo went on sale. After reading the reviews, I made sure to take Elmo out of the box and install batteries before presenting it to my son so he could be greeted with an interactive Elmo. My son likes Elmo so it seemed like love at first sight. He instinctively ran up and hugged Elmo when I handed it to him. At first, he pretended to feed Elmo, talked to him, and asked me to help him put a diaper and baby clothes on Elmo. My son danced and jumped with Elmo and almost fooled me into thinking it was a winner. He thought Elmo was a hoot when he fell asleep and started snoring. Then my son thought it was really weird how Elmo sleeps with his eyes open! He got past that abnormality and fell asleep holding Elmo the first night.Then day two...he saw Elmo, walked right past him and played with his other toys instead. It's been week and Elmo hasn't had any other play time, even when we bring it over for him to play with it.I was rather disappointed too since he's not as &#34;huggable&#34; as I had hoped. Elmo has relatively soft fur but his torso is comprised of a hard box. He's top heavy so he doesn't sit well and he has big, hard eyes. My baby daughter was sitting next to Elmo smiling at him talking to her until Elmo fell forward hitting her on the forehead and making her cry. Unfortunately, this toy turned out to be a huge disappointment, even for my son who used to be an Elmo fan.
nether-realm, this is a big disappointment for most fans out there!where is the iconic 'FINISH HIM' !This is still Nether-Realms, right?? didnt all your games so far have "finish him" ???its like eating a cake and not swallowing it; there is no happy ending!why change a game mechanic which we all grew to love?a fight doesn't feel finished if you cant finish off your opponent!truly, my money is wasted.
I have a five year old who is really bored with this product and we have only owned it for 48 hours.  I downloaded the 7 free apps (5 with the device and 2 free found with codes online).  We also downloaded a leapfrog video and a Kidzbop music album.  I figured the 9 apps and the camera/video would keep him entertained for a few months until his birthday. But these apps were all too boring for him.  The only thing he enjoyed was the Kidzbop music.  I showed him the Sesame Street videos online for $5 and he said "Im not a baby Mommy."  I want him to learn, which is why I chose this device but it is too basic and its too expensive to download new apps when Im not sure how good they are going to be.These are my major problems with the device:1. The apps are boring (too short and easy).2.  The apps are too expensive.  They range from $5 to $25.  The kidzbop music was $10.  And I havent seen them on sale yet.  I guess they wont go on sale since they dont have competition.3.  You can't download other apps from other sites.  I wish it worked more like a kindle.4.  Also, unlike a kindle it doesnt have a rechargeable battery included.  THIS IS THE BIGGEST ISSUE.  We bought a bundle pack with a case and an AC adaptor (so he can plug it in and play at home).  I thought this was a charger.  I was a little confused because I just assumed that it was rechargeable like EVERYTHING ELSE THESE DAYS!!  So, we will have to buy rechargeable batteries.  The AA batteries lasted one day.  We certainly couldn't replace them everyday!5.  I wish they made a screen protector or it came with one.All in all this device is too expensive when you all up the cost of the case, screen protectors, batteries, AC adaptor, apps etc.  I could have gotten him a tablet that did more and had more options.  I feel like I got caught up in the hype.  He loved my kindle so I thought he needed the "kid version."  This is NOT the kid version of a kindle.  I think it would be cool to download apps and books and play kid games... listen to pandora... but with kid friendly functions and parental control like the leappad 2.
If there's one thing that I've come to accept since the invention of the glow stick, it is that EVERYONE loves a glow stick! When I initially saw this We Glow Party set, I thought it was a terrific idea. It claims to contain everything necessary to have an eight person party with 150 pieces included in the kit. Problem is, so much of it is throw-away cheapies. After inspecting the contents, I'm convinced that you could create a similar experience by visiting your local Dollar Shop and it would cost considerably less money.The two things that are pretty neat and are easily the most interesting things in the set are plastic cutlery handles that can be made to glow and a fun little glow ball centerpiece construction. Other than these two additions, everything else can be readily procured for little to no cost elsewhere (and maybe these can too, I just hadn't seen them before). What this box is selling comes down to convenience. The contents themselves are not particularly distinctive.Included:8 Forks (assembled with 8 heads and 8 glow handles and 8 glow handle connectors)8 Paper Plates8 Paper Cups8 Napkins1 Table Cover1 Glow Ball Centerpiece50 Glow Sticks50 Glow Stick ConnectorsThe proclamation that boast 150 pieces loses some of its value when you consider that 24 of those fabulous pieces are just to construct 8 plastic forks! And the paper goods (napkins, plates, cups, table cover) are so inexpensive and they look and feel it.I still think that this is a good idea, I just think this is executed poorly, the advertising overpromises, and the price point doesn't match up with what you get. Go to the Dollar Store. Go to a party store. Take 10 minutes of shopping, you can pull together the same stuff for a fraction of the cost AND probably get better stuff. I'm all for convenience, but this just doesn't offer a commensurate value for the added expense. KGHarris, 10/13.
Man this toy is so freaking loud.  Unless you have a very large area to get it to turn, its annoying as it just runs into the wall and its difficult to steer.  So wish I would have passed on this toy. They want to play with it but my ears are about to start bleeding if I have to hear it again.
I really love monster high dolls - and I love gloom beach Jackson and Basic Jackson but this Jackson I don't like.  His hair is just weird looking and his pants are just way too skinny and he looks like he is sick or something.  Just disappointed on how he looks
My friend has this gun and says this gun is no good. It wastes bullets and clogs up most of the time!!!
I'm not surprised to see the general remarks already cataloged for the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster.  And while I don't like to participate in beating the proverbial dead horse, this gun was given to me so that I could offer feedback.  And like many others, I found the product problematic in the nicest terms possible.  It's a shame, really, because this gun looks absolutely AWESOME.  First of all, it is enormous!  It even has a bipod stand so that you can hone your sniper skills.  Also intriguing, the capability to gather additional hardware such as the Nerf Mission App Tactical Rail Mount to enhance your Nerf warfare experience.  Using an iPhone or an iPod Touch, you can secure apps that allow you to record missions and have scoping functionality. Listen, any kid who loves Nerf would definitely want to add this to their collection upon sight.This is where I'd usually run down the features of a product and offer some sort of commentary.  But I have very little to say beyond the basics due to what appears to be a ubiquitous design flaw.  While recommended for those aged eight and up, I think this particular unit skews much older.  We don't let kids play with the toys in our household, that's a job for the adults!  My experiences, therefore, with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster are from a grown-up perspective.  No small or careless hands operated this machinery!The unit required minor assembly, which was intuitive and uncomplicated.  But once the gun was built and loaded, it wasn't very long before the mechanism started becoming very tricky and jamming up.  I'm not talking excessive usage, I'm talking fairly conservative play time.  With patience and fortitude, you could get the unit to unstick but the issue kept recurring.  Frustrated, I simply put the gun down and did a little investigating.  That's when I discovered that I was not alone in my dilemma.  Others were experiencing the exact same problem and many had completely destroyed their gun.So as they say, I simply walked away.  My blaster is not broken per se, but it is relatively inoperable.  I felt like I was spending more time tending to its idiosyncrasies than to actually using it for its intended purpose.  Have lots of Nerf merchandising, love Nerf products.  But this one needs a trip back to the design studio.  Awesome idea, clunky execution.  KGHarris, 8/13.
I purchased this box of glow sticks to be played with at the child's birthday party and the kids lost interest very fast because there was just plain white plastic tubing with too little color ... no wow factor
Every time my six year old niece saw the Spectra Ghoul's Alive dolls at the store, she had to stop and activate the special features. She was very excited to get Spectra, and she also got Clawdeen. Spectra is hard to play with because her hands don't move and her legs don't bend whereas Clawdeen is easier to play with even with her special features. If you try to bend the leg, it will fall off. She is pretty as a display piece but not as easy to actually play with as the other MH dolls. My niece does love that Spectra glows and she pretends the doll is flying around when activating the spectral glow and sound. The outfit Spectra has on is a `shinier' version of her original outfit. The face is gaunter than the other Spectra's but the way the face is painted is very pretty. The attention to detail on making each outfit unique and appropriate to the doll is amazing.  However, be aware that the spectral noise can get on a parent's nerves pretty quickly.All in all if you are looking for a doll to add to your collection, by all means get her. The stands are very nice feature. If you have a younger child who is into the MH dolls, be aware the playing options for Spectra are limited for the price and you might want to look at the other dolls in this collection.
I really wanted to like this doodle magic color mat except as I love the nice size mat for my little girl to doodle on, the ease of rolling it out and packing it in, the magic markers that doesn't stain - except that the fact that the colors from the markers are almost invisible.Makes me wonder if Crayola is trying to sell their erasable markers by retailing this B-grade product ...
I bought this Advent calendar with high hopes, as we've had great experiences with the LEGO ones. We LOVE the Smurfs, so I thought this would be perfect! Boy, was I wrong. Imagine the disappointment of my 5 year old when one day he opens up a day, and all he gets is one round stud. Or what looks to be a windshield. Seriously. Two separate days he's gotten something that looks like a windshield. He was so bored and disappointed with this calendar, he eventually just opened it and left the parts laying around. (since most of the time there was nothing to build!) There were only TWO minifigures! They also missed the opportunity to make a Papa Smurf Santa. Luckily I also purchased A LEGO Star Wars one (second year in a row!) so he still had something FUN to count the days down with. =( Megabloks really needs to take a closer look at the LEGO Advent, and try harder next year.
Pros:physical design appears rugged & it has some larger buttonsIncludes choice of one app from limited listBundled basic apps offer functionality & fun but not long termCons:Physically heavy (at least for my arthritic hands & arms).Value (or lack there of)Wi-Fi worked for one day and then stopped. Have not been able to get it working again.Includes choice of one app from limited listApps from leapfrog's app market very expensive (compared to apps for ios and androidThe value of leapfrog leap pad ultra learning tablet is extremely low and limited.  This is not a more budget conscious kid friendly version of an android or even an Apple iPad tablet.  To me this feels like one of those learning laptops with the little black-and-white LCD screens that were made by VTECH, only with a tablet look that makes kids feel like they have grown-up technology, when, in reality, they are using a child's toy with a mildly techy facade.  And our home the leap pad ultra was used with a fair amount of excitement for an hour or so and then it was just left in the toybox because we can't afford a $7.99 or $30 app and the Wi-Fi was spotty at best (our home Wi-Fi is fairly predictable and doesn't cut out often but the leapfrog just wouldn't communicate nicely after that first hour or so, even though our other wifi devices were chatting away, at their usual speed).My advice is to look at other tablets AND the more rugged cases available for the tablet you choose. The value of the leap pad ultra is minimal the price you will pay for apps and the inability to scale it up as your child grows, without breaking the bank.  What I like so much about it tablets we regularly use at home, is that I can customize them for my son; I can add apps that are appropriate for him & I can set parental restrictions.  The value, the monetary cost, when considering hardware & software purchases lead me to believe that LeapPad Ultra is not a good value, or a bargain, when compared to more expensive hardware because in comparing, side by side, they are probably around equal cost, but LeapPad Ultra has a sort of planned obsolescence built in, in regards to growth and functionality as a child grows and developes, The operation of non-LeapFrog tablets is also more educational because kids are learning how to use a tool/tools that they will likely be using for the rest of their lives,  in some capacity.I realize how LeapFrog makes money with products such as this. Obviously, it's the consumables, and not the initial purchase of the device, that are there bread-and-butter.  I do wish they would've considered the technological savvy and the technology education needed by kids today, in designing their business model for the leap pad ultra as well as the operating system.  Perhaps someday there will be a firmware update that makes this product inherently more usable and scalable for kids of all ages while remaining appropriate and protected.  OL PC did it with their XO laptop and now I believe they're going to do it with their tablet.  I'm just surprised that it seems that leapfrog hasn't looked at other available technologies and similar products to try to figure out how to blow them out of the water. Instead They have pretty much stuck to the same principles of their other products have which are fine (don't get me wrong we have a few LeapFrog products that My son & I adore) but that also doesn't make this a modern tablet and I think many kids especially ones over the age of five will see that this is a toy and it's not really a tablet and the functionality is limited.
I like the other's I have read on here, have had problems with this set as well. My daughter opened the package and first thing, the doll's head popped off and does so all the time.  Package is already opened so I can't return it, thankfully I'm only out $10 or so for it.  I expect a lot more out of companies like Disney, especially with their toys. This is a multi-billion dollar company and yet they can't afford to make dolls with heads that will stay on.....shame shame shame, Mickey you should be ashamed, I'm going to need your "Mouse-a-toodle" to fix my daughters toy.
My 20 month old son received this product through Amazon Vine about a month ago. It's very cute, soft and cuddly, especially for an animatronic doll. He fell in love with it immediately.While the product description says it can help kids understand being sick, I disagree. It does have cute phrases, but being only 5 different ones, they wear thin on adults very soon. If it had the ability to put a tissue up to his nose and make a blowing noise, that would be educational. Also, my son decided that AAAAHHHH CHHHOOOOO was hysterical and keeps repeating it over and over (it was adorable to begin with but is a little tiresome now). My son also wanted the bathrobe "oss" (off), and it is not removable. I did give it a star back for the phrase "Elmo loves you" which prompted my son to say "Love you, Melmo."There is no way to change the battery, as the Amazon product review states. Once the battery is dead, Elmo will no longer work. This is a huge drawback, especially if he is attached. As an example, we also have theSesame Street Count And Crunch Cookie Monster Plush, which he loves. We've already changed the battery twice, and while he eventually broke the gears in Cookie's mouth, he can still open and close the mouth manually and the phrases still work. The Feel Better Elmo doesn't have that longevity.
My five-year-old daughter seems to prefer the smaller dolls for play, so I thought this set would be perfect for her. Size-wise, it doesn't take up very much space and the castle playset comes with everything your child will need to act out stories with the Barbie characters Mariposa and Catania. My daughter has never seen the Barbie Mariposa movies, and it has no impact whatsoever on her enjoyment of the playset. She has fun making up her own stories and moving the small figurines from one part of the castle to another.ASSEMBLY REQUIREDFor the most part, the set is almost fully put together when you remove it from the box. I appreciated I didn't have to attach any stickers to the playset because I can never get them as perfectly aligned and as smooth as I want. The plastic the pieces are made from is pretty thin, and it might be possible to damage it if you aren't careful when attaching them. Be sure to stick to the instruction's guidelines, because most of the pieces don't come out once you snap them in.The most difficult part for me was #2 on the instruction, affixing the pink top floor to the white columns. This was easily the most frustrating part for me; everything else was mostly straightforward, though there was confusion over which small decorative piece needed to go on top of the castle so the fairies could spin. Overall, it took maybe twenty or so minutes to get it all put together and the loose pieces into the castle where the box shows them.TINY PIECESTruly, I'm surprised to see that this toy is recommended for ages three and up. There are so many tiny pieces for children to lose, and they could easily be swallowed by a child who has a habit of putting toys in his or her mouth. If you have older children at home as well as younger ones, keep this toy far away from the younger ones! Also, you might think you are missing pieces in the set, but you aren't. The instruction guide says you have to attach some pieces to the bed, but upon closer inspection those pieces were already a part of the two beds. Those additional pieces are shown as separate attachments on the front of the pretty-much-useless pamphlet. Perhaps the biggest disappointment is the lack of a mirror for the upstairs of the castle. The box clearly shows one, so we thought we were missing a piece and I was going to write to Mattel and ask them for it. However, on the instruction guide where it shows all the pieces, no mirror is listed. I don't know if there actually is supposed to be one, or if the instruction guide is wrong about this like it is about some of the other pieces too.QUALITYThe dolls included with this toy are a bit lower quality than I would have liked. They are barely a step up from the little plastic Barbie dolls that I've seen in the impulse-buy area at the checkout at Target. We bought our daughter one of those dolls once and pieces of her neck started to break off. Of course, this upset my little girl. We glued the doll back together as best we could, but eventually I think the toy was thrown away. Hopefully these dolls will not suffer the same fate; I hate seeing my daughter disappointed because companies don't put much thought into the quality of their toys.TIPFor the spinner at the top of the castle, the dolls fit into them by snapping their chests to the seats. If you look closely, you'll see that the "seats" are shaped exactly like Barbie's chest area, so that's where you snap them in.OVERALLUnfortunately, this isn't a must-have toy. It was aggravating to assemble, the quality of the toy leaves plenty to be desired, and the smaller pieces will be easy to lose track of if parents or child are not attentive to them.
I probably should have listened to the reviewers who said, &#34;Let it go!&#34;  This castle strikes me as a &#34;rush to production&#34; item without a lot of thought to its working (or not working parts).  The good news is that the doors did seem to attach correctly (not backward like someone else discovered).  They do move up and down.  The lights are neat. It doesn't take up a lot of room when opened all the way.  What is a puzzle is the base for the center part that turns and the base on the &#34;iffy&#34; elevator (difficult to move up or down at times). There is a hole in both bases. The throne chair can fit on the center base fine, but Elsa and Olaf don't fit well by themselves.  I've tried sticking in both of Elsa's feet, one foot, posing her behind the base (she falls).  The elevator has the same issue. Olaf can't seem to handle it either.  Elsa does not sit well on the throne chair nor recline well on the bed.  I know every little girl would be excited to get one given the current Frozen craze, however, the quality of this item is very questionable.
The camera did not come complete to operate and the display online indicated that it was ready to be used.
I love hot wheels but this set is just a mess, poorly planned and really with no purpose.First off, the goal is to shoot with the power pusher and shoot the monster truck towards the robot, which can spin and try and defend the attack.  The truck goes up a jump and aims for the collapsible truck and box that it comes with.The first thing is, you really need two kids to play this: one to shoot the car and one to move the robot around.  With two kids, one can try and make the robot spin or it can collapse with a good hit.  With one kid, they have to be able to reach both sides and it is awkward.The inherent problem is:  noise.  It is pure noise, banging and hard plastic hitting hard plastic.  Sure, I have a 7 year old and I've had older kids (I should be used to noise!!), but the noise level is through the roof.  Also, the time that two kids played it was short, they moved on to their Hot Wheels regular track set (the starter set with accessories added).  In fact, they took pieces from this and used them in other games.  Currently the robot has his top half off and is stuck in the toybox.  Not of long term interest to my kid.Another note: this is a stand alone set, it doesn't hook up to other Hot Wheels track systems, further marginalizing it's usage.  I'd spend the money on the regular Hot Wheels sets that interconnect.
My son who is 3 and advanced enough to use an iPad on his own very well, just doesn't like this.  It's slow compared to a Kindle Fire or an iPad, it's very heavy as well.  The games seem to be monotonous and aren't much fun to him.  We have educational games on the iPad that he enjoys for one or two dollars.  Try to find a decent game for this under 25 dollars.  Bottom line this was purchased to give the kids a more rugged &#34;computer&#34; of their own.  I have to ask and pester him to play with this and he doesn't do so for long if he even concedes and picks it up.  I feel like this was a colossal waste of money for us.
I bought this game because it got really good reviews and I was on a game hunting streak.  This game plays very fast - which can be a good thing.  However, I find that it requires more luck than strategy, which can also be a good thing to some.If you are looking for a fast fun card game that is slightly more challenging, get Hanabi!On the shipment itself - I was shipped a pre-opened game.  The plastic that contained these were already broken, but the cards were sealed so I decided to keep it.  I wish the cards came in a box instead of a soft bag as the cards can easily get damaged and ruins the game.
First the good:My four year old son likes the transformers characters from the movie so he likes playing with these even though, objectively speaking, this is a lousy toy.Now the bad:The launchers are beyond my abilities.  They don't work.The vehicles don't stay in the "vehicle" position.  They don't work either.Even if the toy DID work, the "game" you are supposed to play with this toy is "lame."
This is complicated 'rock, paper, scissors'. You set a rotating option into the chest and crash them into each other. They pop open similar to the Bakugan toys. You then pick up the vehicles and decide who had the winning option. Not fun. And the models are not that great as collectibles, unfortunately. Kids will likely buy them once, but I don't see this game having the long term shelf life that the true transformers have.
Read reviews about the smell and rolled my eyes.  Then I opened it... crazy strong chemical odor.  Followed the directions to clean before play, smell persisted.  Soaked in water with some natural soap, and the brown cupcake part faded to green.  Returned.Also, the shapes are a tight fit (pre-washing). While we wouldn't want it loose, they're so snug, I felt that my kids wouldn't be able to do it.And, I love Learning Resources, have bought a lot from them and would recommend any of it (peekaboo color muffins -- GREAT), but this is a clunker.  Please save your money.  Wish I could say otherwise...
ok these pieces are so small...they got lost within twenty minutes. my daughter was initially excited over a pooping dog but then it was relegated to just another barbie in the toy box.
I expected higher play value with Tomy so this does not meet my expectations. The squeaky sound it makes is only natural when you push the shell to fit. It is quite a boring toy and a chore just de shelling n fixing it back.
Bought this for my grand-daughter's Leap Pad Ultra and it doesn't fit in the case.  Was very disappointed because the description didn't say that it wouldn't fit.
My eight-year old great grandson was thrilled at the idea of having a folded car shoot out of a gun.  The problem was that it didn't seem to work very well.  Oh well.  He had another car and quickly moved his attention to scooting it around and making car noises.  This idea didn't work out as it was planned, but the universal idea of cars for boys remained intact.
The three recently released coffin bean dolls all have poorly done hair. Abbey's hair is too short and choppy. The quality of these dolls is not as good as most Monster High dolls. I think if I had seen the doll in person before buying it I would have passed on her.
This games is so stripped down a riddled with micro transaction. Forza 4 was the peak of this series. I would definitely go with Gran Turismo 6 over this.
This Ravensburger Science X CSI activity kit is okay for a couple hours worth of fun and experiments, but aside from that there's not much to it. It seems there's a lot of &#34;filler&#34; within the so-called experiments, and the quality of the materials in general that are used is really pretty bad. Overall I think there's not really enough quality and fun-factor here to be considered a worthy purchase.
I bought this for our 5 year old daughter who enjoys building.  I am totally disappointed.  I can't get over the amount of hype surrounding this product, it is so not worth the money.  There are far better options out there for girls who like to build, this is a dud in my opinion.  The &#34;story&#34; really isn't a story at all, it's silly and pieces are poor quality. Don't waste your time or money with this one.
It was a challenge getting the vehicles and parts out of the packaging.  It may have been me, but I could not find a way to do it without destroying the cardboard to get to the wires holding the vehicles.  I really couldn't find information about the vehicles until I got under the parts in the middle section.  Even then, it was a small piece of paper with the same information in 4 languages, so not much.  That paper did say the accessories are interchangeable between sets, but no mention of what those might be.  There was no included brochure on what they have to offer.  There were some small pieces, that seem to line up with some holes on each end that I believe are needed for those accessories, but I have no idea how or why.  They are definitely choking hazards (keep away from younger siblings) and will probably get lost.They are wood and plastic.  They roll well, but that's all they do.  The top does pull off the bottom so you can change the back wheels, but then you put them back together and once again, they roll.  It isn't always easy to get them back together by aligning the pieces and a young child will have trouble doing it themselves.  You do have to pull them apart to find the Made in China.
Out of the box, this looked like a fun product.  It was easy to snap together and throw in the bath tub.  However, like other reviewers mentioned, it does not float.  Even in a few inches of water, it tips to the side.  To make it squirt out water, submerg the pump for a few seconds and then bring it back up and pump.  This thing will really soak your bathroom because it has a powerful spray.  My daughter loved that part of it.  The top of the fountain and the fish both spray out a good amount of water.  Using it to play with Ariel is pretty pointless because it doesn't float, so she just falls off the swing.  This product needs improvement.
Surreeee it &#34;magically hovers&#34;, on a planet where there is no gravity and it can FLOAT! This is a piece of junk. If i could give it no stars, I would. Opened it today, Christmas day, read instructions and followed them. It never flew, not once! The propeller flew off of it and looks like it is about to crack in the center. Instructions that came with it said not to return to store. Is this the same quality that goes into their helicopters? I was thinking of purchasing one and now I&#34;m rethinking it. Ho ho ho thanks a bunch!
If you look at the Rainbow Loom website, they tell you how to tell if your loom is counterfeit.  This one is most definately a fake!  When you compare it to the real one (which we already have) the plastic on this one is very thin and pegs break off easily.  The blue connector pieces are also missing the official &#34;Rainbow Loom&#34; stamp on the back and are much smaller than the real ones.  To top it all off, the hook broke too!  Not even one week of use and the whole thing is garbage.  Trying to get my money back!
We have two of the olderLeapFrog Leapster 2 Learning Game System - Greenand 11 of the various cartridge games. I can honestly say we love each and every one of them. I had high expectations for the Monster's U game on the LeapPad, and unfortunately I am disappointed. The game has two problem areas for me.1) It is extremely repetitive. The main part of the game is a series of easy mazes with obstacles and monsters to avoid and things to collect and use. One particular level might have 3 things to teach you (tools, strategies, etc.) but not only will it make you go through ten extremely similar mazes, and you don't ever HAVE to use any of the strategies or tools AT ALL.2) It is not educational. The mazes are totally not challenging, even to my 3 year old. You don't need to use any of the strategies or tools the game suggests, so why bother? One of the small side games is a version of the classic gameGuess Who. We love guess who and play it all the time. The Monster's U version takes all the thinking out of it. For example, one clue might be that the monster in question is blue. Great, so your kid learns process of elimination by turning over the other colors. Unfortunately the game immediately TELLS YOU to turn over the other monsters. Your kid does not have to turn on their brain and THINK at all. Just follow the instructions like a little robot. It makes me insane.I was so worried that my kindergartener's Leapster 2 would be soon forgotten when our shiny new LeapPad 2 and Monster's U game arrived, but he finds the Monster's U game so boring that he sticks with his Leapster and it's excellent, fun, and challenging games. It breaks my heart to give a bad review to a Leapfrog product, but it seems like all the effort went into the flashy LeapPad and none of the effort went into the game :(-------------------------------------------Editing to add that we now have two of the LeapPad2 and have found tons of excellent games, challenging, educational, fun for the kids, on the LeapFrog website. The kids especially love the Roly Poly games, Solar Taxi, and Elements on the Loose. As a bonus when you download a game you can load it on up to three compatible LeapFrog devices.
a mess takes forever for your child to cut out the Poop from this gak like stuffit gets clogged up in the doggy and won't come outteaches handling poo is fun....notthen how do you get the stuff out when it won't come outPLEASE DON'T GET THISsave time and just collect dog  poop from your neighbors yard and play with it,.....the executive that approved this game should have to clean out the &#34;doggy&#34;
If you want your daughter (or son) to grow up to be a "beauty school drop-out", then this is probably is as good a place to start as any. How would I rate this toy's educational value? How about negative stars.But seriously -- even as a fun diversion, this Barbie playset has serious shortcomings. Not only does the chair have a hard time staying suctioned down in one place, the doll does not fit in it particularly well. Speaking of which, Barbie herself is not terribly flexible and you can't do so much as just have her legs just stick straight out of the chair. The little tub for the hair "dye" is too small and the whole thing is on the messy, chintzy, annoying end of the toy spectrum. Save yourself and your loved one an afternoon of irritation and avoid the Barbie Hairtastic Color Stylin Doll.
Grilling is a right of passage here in our house. My husband is a grillmaster, whipping up gorgeous pork shoulders, burgers and hot dogs.  And of course all the boys want their chance at the grill.Our youngest is a bit young to be near an open flame and hot charcoals, so we got this.First let me say, and this is completely my fault, but it is TINY.  I'm not sure why I didn't pay better attention to the age range, but at six when our youngest plays with it, he is on his knees and it's still tiny.  I could see this for a 2 year old.But it was easy to put together, unfortunately it feels very flimsy, and I would hesitate to use this for outdoor play. On the other hand, that's exactly what I would want it for-so our youngest could be outside with dad and grill as well.The little knob in the front does make clicking noises, but there are no lights to simulate coals getting warm.  The little food items that come with it-a hot dog and bun, a fish-feel nice and sturdy, although the tongs are very thin and flimsy.For just a few dollars more you can get a much sturdier and larger grill perfect for outdoor play from Step2. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone but the very young, and at that age they might not be interested in this.
My son had used this helicopter a total of 5 times.  The first 2 times it worked wonderfully.  Then the water stopped shooting out.  we have tried different things but the water will not come out anymore.  We may have done something incorrectly but my son does not want to play with it &#34;if it does not shot water&#34;.
This toy is hard to put together. It has a lot of pieces, and while it's supposed to be used in a bath or a pool, none of the pieces on the top of the toy (like the castle parts) float. If you drop one of those pieces, prepare to go diving for it. My daughter really loves Sofia, but if I could do this purchase over again, I wouldn't buy this. She played with it a couple of times, and now it's sitting in the donation pile because she got too frustrated with having to put it together. It's way too big to leave it in a bathroom assembled, and it fell apart in the pool toy bin. My advice is to skip it.
Having two heavyset Native American parents, I have always struggled with my weight. By the time I reached sixteen in sixth  grade, I was five foot eleven and weighed in at two-eighty five. Most of the kids in my class hadn't even begun to shave yet let alone be able to legally drive. Living on a reservation, most kids drive as soon as their feet reach the peddals while seeing over the steering wheel.With Halloween coming up, I wanted to impress my three kids (all boys)  by dressing up as Batman.  Unfortunately, the drug store we usually buy our Halloween costumes at was all sold out of Batman costumes. The closest thing they had Batman-related that actually fit me was the Dick York Robin costume from the 60's Batman tv show. My boys wanted to dress up as Power Puff Girls because they love the show. Being on a fixed income, I only had enough money for the unelected presidential elect John McCain costumes that were on sale (no one really likes him here in Arizona.)That night, my boys and I went trick or treating in the trailer park next to our duplex behind the Jiffy Lube my dad works at sometimes.When we got to one of the trailers, we could see a bowl of Brach's Neaopolitan Coconut Sundaes through the partially open window next to the fish tank. However, no one answered the door. With the TV on, we figured they could not hear us. Being "Robin" that night, I decided I would grab the nearby waterhose, throw one end of it over the trailer while my three boys held onto that end and I could scale the wall the retrieve our candy.Good plan in theory only.I ended up spliting my tight green shorts, having a hairline fracture on my coccyx and spent the night in the ER. That in itself would of been enough, but child services and the cops where there as well asking me all sorts of questions.As a memento of that less than "fun-filled night" with my boys, I got this action figure set.My only gripe about it is that it looks like they are scaling a wall horizontally instead of vertically. That seems kind of lazy to me.
Bought toy after son saw ad for it on tv.  Product did not work properly from the start.  I should have heeded the advice from the other comments and not buy but son really wanted this toy for Christmas, and was so excited to receive it, I just wish it would have worked.  He's playing with the pieces individually so it's been using - just not the way it was intended.  Save your money for a better made toy.
I should have paid attention to the reviews before ordering this item.  The quality is very poor, no glow in the dark and the bands break easily.  Not worth at all.
This thing is made of foam and falls apart. My son was only using it for a few days before the foam &#34;landing spots&#34; started coming off. A lot of money for something that is so not built to last.
Okay, so I know the Lego name brand is the reason the cost is what it is, and truthfully, the cost wasn't that high. But picture a frosting envelope here, or maybe a taco seasoning or gravy package, and that's how large this product really is. It is maybe 1/2&#34; thick at its thickest part but tapers down to nothing. If this had been the only gift I gave my niece, I would have felt cheap. As is, it might make a neat stocking stuffer, but expect to be underwhelmed at its contents.
I wish I could give zero stars.  These bands break like crazy, even on the basic design that doesn't require much stretching.  Awful!!
As the current package of this toy stands, this toy is disappointing for a number of reasons:1. You should have at least two characters.  The box makes it look like it would be fun if you had more more figures, but that can easily bump the cost up pretty quickly (I think at least $10 for 2 additional figures)2. I had a hard time figuring out the right way to put the TitanTron (TV screen) tower up.  I'm not even sure I have really figured it out.  Better instructions would have been helpful.3. Catapulting Rey Mysterio onto the TitanTron to try and knock it out is not the easiest task.  Specifically, you can hit the TitanTron many times and it still won't cause the ring to break.4. You supposedly can press Rey Mysterio's head down and Rey would jump up.  Either I got a bad figure or he doesn't get off the ground enough that I could really tell.5. The crane with the TV camera seems pretty flimsy.
Do NOT buy this toy, unless you love to hear your 3 year old SOBBING. It breaks so easily, and so often that your kid will cry when they play with it. This toy is a shame for Daniel Tiger and the Fred Rodgers organization, who seem to pride themselves on doing the right thing. It is truly a waste of money.
the shield worked...looked awesome...kind of small but perfect for a small child like age 4 or 5. my son launched the darts and one broke right away and the others were lost. he still uses the shield for pretend play but lost interest pretty quickly
My 3 year old has an Angry Birds in Space playset that he absolutely LOVES. He also plays it on my iPhone. He has been playing the iPhone Angry Birds Star Wars, so for Christmas I bought this set - Angry Birds Star Wars. The box doesn't display the actual product, but silly me, I thought it would be like the other set, so you could play with them together. On Christmas, he opened it and they are about 1/8 the size of the Space set. What on earth...  Needless to say, you can not play with them together. Also, the Space set is made in a way you can actually build scenarios then use the slingshot to knock them down. Star Wars version is far too tiny to actually use, and it only comes with 2 "blocks", so no scenario building there. Very disappointed and misled.
I got this for my eight year old.  It's messy and a little greasy. I'd recommend it for older girls, but the scents are also a little off putting.  I will shelve this one.
This &#34;toy&#34; lasted for a total of about 15 minutes of playtime before the air began to leak out and it collapsed. Also, the pricepoint is about 3x that of normal bonk toys.  This is not a good investment and should be avoided.
this figure looks like a piece of crap this is not worth 60 dollars. I have seen better figures for that price.
Kinda disappointed. The picture sure as hell looks much better then the figure itself. The picture shows what seems to be blue background to white lightning bolts on his chest but in reality its just random spotted black spots. Black Adam himself looks more like a vampire/Zombie and pale then the picture. Some awkward odor coming from the figure itself when I opened the box. Not sure what it is. Kind of like motor oil/paint. The Kotobukiya New 52 DC Comics Black Adam ArtFX Statue should be much better then this figure although.
OK. Not sure why its called a why this is even called a board game. As for Royal Prep Academy - this game is not even close to anything Royal or Academic ...This basically is a stationery hide and seek game or place and find where it is hidden game that is targeted at young girls who are into Princess Sofia.The bracelet is well plastic and the charms are not even pretty. Had to set the 'castle' and 'windows' up for hiding the items.Not a very friendly game for the parents nor an engaging one for the kids.Sorry Sofia I was bored.
They fall apart, half of them didn't work and the other half stopped pretty quickly. Either my batch was bad or it's a bad product.
Ok - so in theory, this game should be a lot of fun, but it is really cheaply made and won't hold up for long in our house.  It LOOKS neat, and there are so many different ways you can play the game itself (honestly, it is more fun to just attack in turns rather than trying to follow a strict method).I wish the parts were a sturdy plastic.  We've got so many games that are action-based (Tumblin Monkeys, Honey Bee Pot, and so many more), and they are made to be played with, hands-on, tossed, dumped, etc.  This one just isn't.The catapult is a huge hit in our house though.  I simply wish it was made a little bit better.
You get about one cent worth of plastic. No joke.  Talk about riding a fad.  Oh well. Better luck next time.
Poor Hasbro. Trying to hit the 8 year old toteen girl toy marketis tough work. Unfortunately, this Nerf Rebelle totally misses the mark. If this product had come with a felt board against which the Velcro-tipped darts could be launched from the Heartbreaker Bow, perhaps it would be more engaging. But, who or what is the target - or point - to this toy?Seriously, are tween/teen girls going to run around shooting darts at each other? Or at boys (hence the "Heartbreaker" tagline)? Maybe girls ages 3 - 7 would find that kind of play activity fun - basically the preschool through 1st grade age range. As a toy for that demographic, I say go for it.But the tween/teen girl takes their play far more seriously than Hasbro does. This toy needs to go back to the "drawing" board.
No question about, this is authentic American Girl product and if you are desperate to get it do get it. However this item simply sucks.We bought it and within few hour the hair looks like a mop! it tangles easily and the hair is simply cheap and too think to withstand any handling.It is good for display if your kid won't touch then fine but one minute oftouching hair will result in awful mess.The best part is: if you bought a brush from AG don't bother to use because Amiercan Girl company 'does not recommend' brushing this dolls' hair!!!! yep.so where is the fun? right. no that they recommend it but..so they let you use a comb right? did you ever use a comb o tangled hair?good luck. go see their website and hair care recommendation and you will have a jaw drop... what kind of doll for kid is not supposed to be brushed?I have huge collection of Disney princess dolls 18 inches and their hair is perfectly perfect for brushing that long and longer and my kiddo had tons of fun. those dolls were like quarter of this price...somebody is trying to really cut corners.Best part? don't try to find a bad aka - honest review on this doll on American Girl site because there is NONE. not even my few attempts to fairly review this doll for what it is, they simply won't post my negative reviewbecause clearly that would affect sales? wow. so much about integrity of their reviews.
I ordered this product for my three young children, they love putting things on the refrigerator and playing with the magnets, so I thought this buy was a no-brainer. But when I received the item, I noticed that there was a letter missing from the alphabet - the letter &#34;X&#34;. So, I informed the seller and they told me to send a photo of the product with the missing letter (?), and I did; but nothing after that. The product did look cute on the fridge, but the missing &#34;X&#34; is noticeable, and the magnets used on the product are not very strong; the magnets slip and turn every which way. Overall - was not pleased with this purchase or product at all!
I've read some negative reviews of Diamond Select toys, but they are usually few and far between. Now I have my horror story for their products. I have ordered every star trek ship from Diamond Selects 2012/2013 release. This was the 4th one I received, and the most disappointing. The manufacturing quality of the ship is alright (not great), but the most disappointing thing was opening up the package and finding the ship extremely dirty. Since the ship was packaged in the original Diamond Select box (not the display package, the from the factory box) I'm guessing that is how the ship was packaged. Yes, the package isn't air tight, but I don't think this level of dirt could make it through the holes in the package. A damp cloth took some of the dirt off, but a lot of it is so caked on the scrubbing with a cloth won't clean it. The dirt build up in the ridges of the ship will be very difficult and require a lot of detail work to clean (if it can be cleaned). I purchased this for display, and it really isn't up to par because of this. If I had bought this for a child to play with (it is supposed to be a toy), I wouldn't be comfortable giving it to the child. Who really knows what the black dirt and debris is?Edit: So I just read a complaint about the dirt on Diamond Selects Facebook page. Diamond Select replied saying it was a design choice to make the ship look weathered and not like a toy. So their weathering is poor enough that some of it can come off with a damp cloth, someone else said they used an erase to get a lot of it off. So it isn't just mine, they are all "dirty". Poor design choice.
Nice balloon. Thank goodness for my husband, if I had to put this thing together it would have just been a giant helium balloon on a string come Christmas morning. It came with directions which were challenging, so we watched someone on YouTube put it together. You are not supposed to fill it up all the way so, we had to add coins to the bottom to weigh it down a bit. The switch on the balloon was left on all day (even though it was not in use) and it was dead the next morning. 2 weeks later we have not replaced them because my kid is just not interested. It is currently resting on the ceiling of the playroom&#8230;
The bottom light never came on which disappointed my granddaughter.  Since this was delivered directly to her I was unaware of it until too late.  My son will need to have it replaced...a hassle I wish he didn't need to go thru.
The product description is inaccurate. The dimensions listed are measuring the packaging NOT the pony. This is a small pony and WAY overpriced.
I completely agree with many of the previous reviews. Why are American toy companies so cheap and lazy these days? Almost every game or toy (made in China now, not in the USA) is CHEAP and of lesser quality than many of these classic toys when they were originally made. I wish toy companies would either care about making a QUALITY product. Hasbro, do you? Clearly not.We thought our kids lost 3 or 4 of the balls by the end of Xmas day. Nope! After hours of searching, we finally found them.... stuck inside the hippo's necks (see the two pics I uploaded on the product page). Really? 30 years of manufacturing this game and this never came up as a QA issue??? Again, lazy, lazy companies who want to sell you the cheapest products for the quickest buck.Second, you CANNOT have the storage cap on the bottom while you play or the game wobbles (again, how did this ever pas QA?).Granted, the kids love the game. If kids didn't, it wouldn't be around. But, please Hasbro, put a little effort into your brand. I'm really bothered by all the poor quality defects in half the games and toys we get for our kids nowadays. (See my Play-Doh Ice Cream factory review).
I almost returned this thing, but never got around to it.  It was very deceiving how it was priced, appearing like it was like half price, making you think you were getting a much bigger item.  Just so you know it was so tiny, it made a stocking stuffer. Was not worth anywhere near the money, and I felt like I got totally cheated.
Before you open the box, gather up 4 AA batteries and one of those tiny little Phillips-head screwdrivers. One of the screws holding my battery cover in place was in so tight that it took 4 different screwdrivers and the screw head is almost completely stripped now - I won't be screwing this back in too tightly, on the off chance that the batteries may die someday.The box is much, much bigger than the pieces require, so they rattled around a lot during shipping and the &#34;stage&#34; portion is pretty scratched up. I'm sure my 5-year-old nephew won't care very much but it just seems like they're trying to make you think you're buying a much larger, more impressive toy than you actually get. Inside, the smaller pieces are divided into plastic bags in a way that makes no sense whatsoever - basically you need to open every single bag before you can assemble even one portion of the final toy. The packaging engineers at Playmobil need to buy a few pieces of Ikea furniture and take a lot of notes about how to package in a logical, space-saving way that follows the chronology of assembly. Ultimately it only took me about 55 minutes to assemble the whole thing (about 15 of which involved wrestling the battery cover), but fortunately I didn't have my nephew over my shoulder impatiently demanding to play with it sooner. So if you're getting this as a gift for someone, open 'er up and assemble it FIRST.The light feature is pretty cool, and the fact that you can broadcast your own music through the speakers is fun. The speakers are very cheap and sound tinny, but it is a pretty inexpensive toy so what can you expect. Unfortunately, kids today are accustomed to very sophisticated technology so I don't know if my nephew will find that to be a cool thing for long or not. Fun idea though. It does come with two pre-loaded songs that are pretty awful, and the volume control has two settings: &#34;not that loud&#34; and &#34;slightly louder.&#34; Plugging in an mp3 player, iPod, etc, is very easy through a headphone jack connection (which means you can use anything that has a headphone jack) but integrating a small holder for your iPod or phone would be a handy improvement.Once assembled, the stage does look pretty cool and the instruments (especially the guitars) are great looking! The band members, not so much. As others have mentioned, they're all dudes, which is pretty outdated, and their outfits - OMG. Does the designer think that today's kid's love Def Leppard and Bon Jovi or what?? VERY dated, goofy outfits. Maybe current &#34;rock bands&#34; do dress like 1980's AC/DC tribute clubs, but just in case, maybe Playmobil could offer some other &#34;bands&#34; to play on your stage, even include a little keyboard or DJ booth in the future. This has some potential for expansion, if your kid doesn't break it first - everything feels a little flimsy but I suppose it all depends on how hard they want to rock out.Loved the idea of this, but am not too impressed with the execution.
So I really wanted to get some kind of punching blow up thing for my kid.  There didn't seem to be any good ones on amazon and this seemed the 'least bad' based on the reviews.  Unfortunately I should have just given up and not gotten one rather than this one.  The water base leaks a little and when you punch it it sometimes doesn't stand itself back up or takes a long time to do so.  I have no idea if this really is the 'least bad' option or not, but it's definitely a bad option.
I had my grandkids play with this. They were entertained for about 30 mins then wouldn't touch it. Tried to get them to play some of the games and they were more interested in their parent's iPhones. The Display is very pixelated compared to every tablet I've seen. Granted this is a kids tablet it's still priced quite very high for what it is out of the box. I would go with what other reviewers have suggested and spend a bit more to get a Nexus 7 or comparable tablet. Also it comes with very limited amount of content for free (Out of the box). In order to add games you will ave to purchase all through the vendor and a very high cost.
I don't understand the point of making this version. It's cheaper by design . . . just skip it.- Smaller than the others, more on par with the LeapPad2 in overall size.- Screen is smaller than any other tablet (LeapPad and InnoTab), it's only 4.3" instead of 5".- No WiFi- Uses a MicroSD memory card expansion. At least they fixed the push-eject feature, and now the memory card is easier to remove.- Directional touch-pad... okay, that's a good touch.- Finger swiping is a bit delayed--the child really needs to press.- Booting up is about as fast as the InnoTab 2S, glad that wasn't a let down.- Camera is at 2MP, an upgrade from 1.3MP from the InnoTab 2S.Overall, the InnoTab 3 feels like VTech had some techs they needed to keep employed, "Hey, go work on this project, while the other (read: more important) group works on designing the InnoTab 3S" (the competition for theLeapFrog LeapPad Ultra Learning Tablet, Green). Okay, I know that's not how it went down... but save your money. ALeapFrog LeapPad2 Explorer, Greenis currently $79, and I feel that's better money spent. VTech tablets always feels like cheap toys to me, instead of quality hardware worth investing in.Not to knock VTech entirely, because aside from the feel of their product, theVTech InnoTab 2S Wi-Fi Learning App Tablet- Bluecame close to giving us a good tablet, and that's currently $69.I'd skip this product and look into some of the other choices.
Who?  Why, you are scruffy lookin' Black Series Biker Scout!  When I was a kid (over thirty years ago), Star Wars was one of my favorite things.  It's been that way ever since I saw Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie take on the Galactic Empire on the small screen in the first film.  I actually saw the original film in the theater, but I was literally just a few months old.  It wasn't until "The Empire Strikes Back" came out that I got to see my heroes (and villains) in all of their glory.  When "Return of the Jedi" was released, I couldn't wait to see what new adventures the Rebel Legion would have and George Lucas made sure that I left the theater a fat and happy kid.As most of you know, tons of new creatures were introduced such as the Ewoks and the denizens of Jabba's Palace.  A new type of trooper was introduced in that film as well, the Biker Scout.  They wore more cloth than their Stormtrooper brethren, and rode on those really cool speeder bikes.  I fell in love with the look of these troops immediately.Being the eager lad that I was, I asked my mom if she would buy me a Biker Scout toy and she complied.  All these years later, I still have that figure.  When I saw that Hasbro's Black Series would include a Biker Scout, I figured it was time for me to get the newer model.  All I have to say is that it was a huge let down.The figure's paint scheme is terrible.  The joints on the feet and shoulders are black, cutting into the pristine white I'm used to seeing (and which Kenner got correct on the original figure).  Also, while I appreciate the multiple points of articulation, many of them are extremely loose.  On top of that, the plastic casing was hanging off of the cardback when I received the figure.  Now, this particular problem is not exclusive to the Biker Scout or the Black Series.  The Saga Legends and Mission Series plastic casings are also poorly adhered to their respective cardbacks in the 2013 run of Hasbro's Star Wars line.  Still, it's disappointing to see on what is supposed to be one of Hasbro's higher end figures.The only accessory (which I don't actually mind a lack of) is the Biker Scout's blaster.  It sort of fits in his boot holster but I had a hard time getting it to stay in his hand.  It kept popping out no matter how I tried to maneuver it around in the hand.Overall, I wanted to love this figure, but poor articulation, horrible paint, and bad packaging make this a figure I'm glad to have purchased at a heavily discounted price.  If you feel like modifying this figure (as in painting it to match the screen version), go ahead and buy it, but I would try to get it at a deep discount if I were you.  Parents buying this solely for their children to play with might have better luck, just watch out for the flimsy articulation.Bummed out over this one.
I'm glad I bought this at a reduced price. It would not have been worth the regular asking price.  It really wasn't worth the sale price either. This toy was very cheaply made.  The rollercoaster cart doesn't stay on the track, the figures hit the sides of the snack shack on the swing, the tiny pencil used to hold up the rollercoaster track is always coming out, as is the addition piece that attatches to the base to hold the pencil.  It took forever to take out of the box too. I don't think I've ever seen so many zip ties.
I didn't care for this product because the rope was twisted and stiff but not straight.  We couldn't figure out how to use it correctly.  It may have been our mistake, but we sent it back. Next time, I will try a less expensive model.
This Pictionary Frame Game is lacking a storage box and that is my biggest complaint! I'm sad to say, my children have already successfully lost the dice. We keep most games organized and stored on the shelf in our finished basement, but this game comes in a blister package with no way to store it unless you hunt down your own--what, shoebox?Playing the game itself isn't necessarily convenient because it's much easier to play with a larger whiteboard or drawing pad than this tablet-sized screen that some players can't even get close enough to see if you're playing with more than a couple people. I can see how some might like it, especially Pictionary fanatics, but for most families I feel like this just isn't worth it.Followed by the fact that you just don't NEED this game when you can buy a small whiteboard and dry erase marker and there you go: same thing. I feel like this would have been a keeper if it had come with a storage box, and perhaps... but I just can't get over the fact that this is just a small screen/whiteboard in a flashy, blister package and so...what's the point? I can't recommend it, unfortunately.
Get ready for frustrating instructions and pieces that don't fit together right. It took 45 minutes, two adults, more than a little jamming to get this thing assembled. Some of the pieces did not fit together until they were forced almost to the point of breaking.  Once we did get it put together, my four year old (who has another wrestling ring toy that he loves) only played with this for about 15 minutes before getting frustrated with how easily it kept coming apart.This is definitely a toy for older kids, but even that won't eliminate the headache of assembly.  I'd recommend going with a simpler, straight forward ring like the WWE Summer Slam Superstar Ring
First the Pros:1)  Charges quickly, in about 20 seconds2)  Sturdy, not flimsy3)  The size is good for a small child's handsNow the Cons:1) No on/off switch.2) Car does not lock into the base and charge for extended periods, so the charging station needs to be with the car whenever it is in play3) The action lasts for just a short time, must be used immediately after charging, and needs to be recharged often4) It can be difficult for a small child to situate the car onto the charger, aligning it up properly.5) It's pretty noisy, too, especially if you are in an apartment or small area. Outside is better, but then you need to have borders as it moves around fast and your child will have to chase it down.Summary:  It is a quick little bit of fun, but most kids will lose interest after a few days. Initially they will like it, it does zoom and zip around, which is fun for a short time, but for our 4 - 8 year olds I think I'd spend my money elsewhere.
I bought this for my niece and not long after giving it to her the storage bag broke! For the price I would expect a more durable product.
Nothing spectacular. She likes them. Sound is good. Built a little sturdier than adult headphones. She likes that they are pink and match the LeapPad Ultra. They don't go overly loud, so low fear of hearing damage possibility.UPDATE Feb 5th, 2014: PASS ON THESE HEADPHONES!  I have read many other reviews that state they broke and didn't last long. After GD owning these headphones for 3 months, and using them properly with adult supervision, they just stopped working suddenly. My son reported to me they stopped working around Dec 1st 2013. I purchased them in September. They were never treated rough, but just used while GD was sitting in her using her LeapPad. I'm sorry they lasted so short of a time. I am sure my 6 y.o. Granddaughter was SO disappointed. "She cried and said "Gramma sent these to me and I broke them!" So Daddy had to explain that some things just don't work so good and then break. She was upset and that upset me. PASS ON THESE HEADPHONES. SORRY TO SAY. As a last comment, it's really not worth it in time and money to pay the shipping back to get a replacement. SO TAKE YOUR CHANCES IF YOU MUST.I leave very few negative reviews.
My 2 year old got this for a gift. He likes it but it is SO LOUD and has no volume control...even he says it's too loud. He does play with it but not as much as we thought he would.
this thing is unbearably loud! It is far far louder than the train of the same series that we have. There is no volume switch. It's awful. Thankfully my 2-year-old is not terribly interested in it otherwise it would definitely top the &#34;most annoying&#34; list.
My 6 year old played with this for about 15 minutes before the frame broke.  She also could not get the play doh out of the gun to draw without my help.  This wasn't a good experience.
That's not easy to review this version of Lagoona.On one side, I appreciate the new hairstyle and the different hair coloring. She comes with totally straight smooth hair, with two side locks twirled and tied on the back in a small tail. The streaks in her hair are two toned, in light blue and soft seafoam green. I might say I could have bought this version of her just for her hairstyle.On the other side, although her hair is straight and it would not need it at all, it's styled on both sides with a product that makes them quite hard and stiff at touch. Luckily, it easily comes off with a comb, and the hairstyle still stays on.Moreover, her hair is quite thin, and you can notice many empty spots in several spots of her head and you can even clearly see the roots of any locks on her head.I like her seafoam green, pink and lilac lavender eyeshadow, that looks quite soft even if colorful. Her lips are a coral pinkish soft orange.But on one of my doll's eyebrows there's a noticeable dark stain that I could see only after removing her sunglasses, and some of her eyelashes painting had been rubbed off maybe by the sunglasses themselves.About her swimsuit, it might be a matter of personal taste, but I dislike the fluorescent colors that really look too bright and flashy to me. I had liked her a lot better if the colors were softer, as shown on the illustration on her box or in the promotional pictures.Her towel print with twirly tentacles looks a little different from her swimsuit, that's a nice mixing of tentacles and paisley, and I appreciate they look quite different but still matching, but I think it had been to be made of a different fabric to really resemble a towel.Her seashell shaped bag looks very lovely. Her huge sunglasses are surrounded by a tentacle frame that looks quite cute and stylish, but it seems they are oversized and they need to be bended in the middle to fit and can break quite easily.She also comes with a tentacle shaped headband that looks quite nice.Her shoes are a recycled mold from the original first release Lagoona doll. But in this version they are not painted as the detailed shape would suggest, so they really look like an uninspired recycled detail. Still, they fit her beach outfit.After missing a Gloom Beach Lagoona, and after seeing the gorgeous release of Skull Shore Lagoona, I think this version could have been better.This set even came without a title, and the logo is partially recycled from the previous themed beach sets graphics.There's a cute detail in the inner box though: a shark showing among the waves, that's mostly hidden behind the towel.Anyway, she's a good choice for redressing purpose because of her different hairstyle.By the way, my doll came with forearms color not matching the rest of her arms and body, and her fingers are not carefully painted as in other releases, and I think this shows how the quality control on this product has been very low and not careful as it should have been.I also noticed that the plastic details in the swimsuit surrounding her legs make them stay a bit spread open and you can't close them so it affects her poseability a little.In the next days I'll upload some photos to show the flaws of the doll I got.
This is a great looking, attractive toy. I was really excited to get this for my baby, as I had never seen a plush xylophone like this one before. Upon receiving the xylophone, however, I was quite disappointed to find that the toy does not represent a real xylophone at all! Rather than each separate key responding to the mallet with a single tone, any tapping, bumping, or moving of the xylophone sets off a series of notes and short melodies which continue even though the xylophone is no longer being hit. This cycle repeats in the exact same way each time and gets quite annoying pretty quickly. As a musician I was pretty disappointed that my baby couldn't play with this toy and find joy in creating his own music. I guess our piano will have to do, since he can walk over to the piano on his own and play it by himself...Now, when I received my xylophone it worked (as I previously described) for maybe 5 or 10 minutes, and then it started to freak out. It would set off the cycle of notes when it wasn't even touched, and when we tried to get the thing to start playing it wouldn't do anything at all! I'm assuming we received a defective one, as this happened after only having it for 10 minutes, and I haven't seen another review mentioning this problem. We are quite disappointed that it never really worked!Now, my son doesn't find the actual xylophone part of the toy too interesting since the sounds don't work. However, he does like to carry the soft little mallet around and bang it on anything and everything...
This did not last 1 day my grand son was playing with it and it just fell apart very disappointed I did not know this until the 30 days passed. I thought it would last longer than that
I may be in the minority here, but I was disappointed with the DohVinci Flower Tower Complete Frame Kit.  Insert the nifty tube into dispenser and with two hands, a 7 year old was able to squeeze it out.  The deco doh doesn't stick to the frame. The kids began just squeezing it out and pushing it onto the frame. The frame...wobbly when standing...picture opening is very small.  This purchase will give you, at best, 30 minutes of playtime.
We expected this to be a great way for our 6yo son to be creative, but instead, it's gathering dust on the shelf. It's messier than we expected and actually has a lot of "parts" between the various uses. Things get scattered easily when he takes it out to play, instead of just being a clear-cut, intuitive toy. As other reviewers have said, it's also not very easy to erase what he's already drawn, making it more trouble than it's worth. Forget the light-up board feature of this - my son would rather (a) play with a plain dry-erase board, or (b) play with a good old fashioned Lite Brite more than he would like to play with this again.
My kids found it kind of boring. They thought it would be a track where you have to time the jumps to avoid the claw, as that is what is advertised on the box. Yet 99% of the time, it makes it through and just goes on a continuous boring loop that makes too much noise. The unit must attach to a wall to and that is kind of a bummer. My kids did not have a wall available and needed a spot where they could attach it. I have no idea what it's gonna do to the wall when we take it down eventually.
Wow I am so disappointed! I hate this toy! My 5 year old wanted it for Christmas and we got it for him.  First issue: it takes forever to make car. You sit there for 10 minutes while it keep saying &#34;heating!&#34; Then you pull the lever. Then you sit there for 10 minutes while it says &#34;cooling!&#34; Any kid is looking for something else to do way before you get to that point. So basically it's a toy you stare at for 20-25 minutes. Second: You don't really have control over what colors the cars are! It comes with 2 sticks of wax already inserted, so your first 3 cars have those colors. The first car comes out solid colored, ours was purple. After that, they become mixed as the different wax sticks combine. I figure each car uses about 3/4 a tube of wax to make, some less, some more, so you always have some overflow from one stick to the next. So you have no control over your first 3 cars at least. Then you can start inserting your own colors, but you have no idea how they are going to come out. We have a lot of really ugly cars. The machine provides enough stickers for about 6 cars, whch is good, but the expansion packs don't supply enough. So we now have too few stickers to decorate. I felt you needed the whole picture. In summary, it's boring, and there's very little creativity. Then you have a bunch of ugly cars you may or not be able to play with because they will have to share the wheel bases it comes with. Refills are way overpriced SKIP THIS ONE! I wish I did.
A nice set worth buying...when the price is correct.Once again, someone at Amazon.com fat-fingered the price.  The CORRECT list price should be 19.99, NOT 24.99.  When it goes on 'sale' for 24% off, you are really only saving $1; or 5%.Its a nice rework/re-issue of an older set but hardly worth the extra markup.
My young daughter is a big fan of products such as this, and even takes orders from her classmates for the creation of custom jewellery.Unfortunately, this product was a disappointment for her - the instructions were just too vague (even with me helping) and the product too cumbersome - to come out with any keepers.~A_E~
I received my King Ghidorah and it sits in an impressive box.  The figure is absolutely gorgeous.  I ordered this item knowing full well that there was a design flaw/QC problem with the wing.  My fears of receiving a faulty product was realized when I took the figure out of the box and the left wing was all floppy.  I'm not sure when other reviewers say that their wing snapped if they mean something actually broke off or if they also had a loose joint. Looking at the wing joints (there are several which give the wing quite a range of motion), everything seemed to be intact, but one of the joints was simply loose.  That being said, the intact wing works incredibly well.I would only recommend this one if you are the type of person who likes to gamble.  I've returned mine and await for the new one.  We'll wait to see if that figure will come with a gimpy wing as well.
If with dad's help my 8 year old found this really time-consuming to build and then it was very difficult to use the catapults.  I doubt it will ever get touched again.
NOTE: Inspect the stampers before use.I was really excited to have my son play with this toy, but upon opening, I noticed the stamper shaped parts looked faded on certain areas, when looking closer at the discoloration, I noticed paint chips on the stampers. I immediately put those away, I have taken pictures which I will upload here. I would not let any baby play with those as most babies like mine put everything in their mouths.As for the Apptivity center, I am now using it as an iPad holder which I have my baby watch learning videos. It will keep him entertained for about 2-3 minutes or so until he starts slapping with with his hands. I feel very comfortable leaving my iPad in there, the case feels solid, there is a clear cover on the screen for protection. I have not had any accidental spit out to check water proofness, but that time will come eventually.Overall, if the stampers were in perfect shape, I would give this toy 5 stars, but due to the problems found, I have to drop the overall toy a rating of 2, its a bit harsh, but with all importance we put on child safety, Fisher-Price need to do the same. I hope Fisher-Price, improves their QA testing on these toys.
I hate this Furby. I hate this Furby with the passion of 1000 suns all sucking into black holes at the exact same time. This furby is the catalyst for increase in suicide hotline calls, domestic violence, PTSD, overeating, and listening to Nickelback. It will lead to your eventual insanity and demise. There is NO OFF BUTTON. It talks like a valley girl. Warning parents - you will inevitably either take the battery out or shatter it against a wall. The other Furbys we have (the Boom, etc.) are not nearly this annoying. This Furby has been locked up never to see the light of day again. I'd give it to Goodwill or to the less fortunate, but I don't want to cause them further pain.
I bought these for my son's stocking, but was unable to give them to him.  I understood is was a variety pack, but all her received was 5 styles all for girls in pinks and purples. He got only hearts, 2 different flowers, purple lollipop thing (i think that's what it is), and some other purple thing I cannot identify. Will never order again.
We have an original Rainbow Loom and bought these refills to use with it.  The colors are vibrant and the charms are fun, however the rubber bands are not as durable as some others we've purchased.  If you are making  a more complicated bracelet and need to stretch the bands a few times they snap.
I've been trying to help my 3rd grader memorize her multiplication tables and was hopeful that this game would help, but unfortunately it did not... and it was incredibly boring to boot. The game play is very odd because of the distribution of the numbers... after 24 or so, there are hardly any cards, which means that numbers like "7x7" or "8x6" or "9x4" are ONLY going to be solvable if you have a wild card (yes, they had 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, but not much in between). It was annoying and disappointing to see how often we could only play a turn by using the number 1 (7 x 1 = 7 hooray!) or a wild card. And there just that weren't many number combinations with ANSWERS.... with 2 of us playing, you'd end up with 20 cards in front of you before you'd finally get another wild card or "1" (or occasionally a 2x2=4) and could play something. Since my daughter already knows her multiplication tables up through 5, this game was neither educational nor fun for us.
One of those accessories that they know you need, costs almost nothing to make, and charge you insanely high prices for.
Sofia the First is a new and popular Disney series and this castle will appeal to its fans, since it looks just like what they will see.  However, it is difficult to put together and not at all sturdy for the age group it's aimed at.  I wouldn't waste my money--go for a sturdier version like the Melissa and Doug castle.  Not up to Disney quality.
yes, I was all excited that I found a great toy still not made in China, but low and behold, components of Legos are made in China, where there is no regulation on lead , cobalt and who knows what else that can damage the health of our children. Shame on you Legos!!!
This set is cute and actually less frustrating than other angry birds sets we have, but it is such a pain to assemble and it falls apart when knocked leading to frustration. I probably would buy it again because he wanted it so badly, but it is hidden at the back of the games cupboard for a good reason.
28 pieces at what price?!?Sets this size were expenive at $5.99. Lego then raised their msrp to $6.99.There simply is not enough value here to justify that price!The pieces really cannot be rearranged for much creative play.Either wait for a really good sale ($5 or less) or look elsewhere.The $9.99 sets have far more... Pieces. Theme. Value. Replay!Check out the Soccer, Karate, and Magic Show sets.
These have been breaking with normal play since the package was opened, maybe if I had wanted them to remain in plastic on a shelf, but as they are, half have been thrown out already because the cheap plastic and weak joints just don't hold up to much.
Bed breaks every 2 minutes, the trunk too. Its sad because its a CUTE set. Absolutely NOT worth the $19 I paid for it, but my daughter loves it so I keep fixing it every couple minutes. Very frustrating.
It's a teeny tiny book, not worth $5 nevermind $20.  It's anything but a BIG book of BooBoos.  Don't waste your money.  I returned this piece of crap right away.
Didn't expect it to be so minuscule.
These are smaller than I expected and cheaply made.  Unfortunately I have nothing good to say about this set.  :(
I'm a big fan of Pictionary and Charades, so I thought we would like Morphology. However, my family was disappointed.You draw a card and you have to &#34;act&#34; it out with the included props (wooden blocks, string, glass stones, and people shaped blocks). Your teammates then try to guess before time runs out. The props are very limited, however, and make it really hard to &#34;act&#34; out the words. Although the props are very durable, I wouldn't recommend this one.
It's tiny and I didn't realize it. I had to get a second gift because it appeared average size. I don't know if she played it. She wasn't excited about it.
I got this for my 2.5 year old for the holidays. He played with it 5 min and hasn't looked at it since. The microphone hardly works and the songs overpower any singing a child or adult does. Save your money.
I have to echo what other reviewers have said about this toy--neat idea but poor execution.  Way too difficult for little people to operate.  So, if you don't mind being glued to your kid's side the entire time they play with this toy, then go for it.  I have multiple little ones and they all seem to need help with something when we play playdough.  This toy requires CONSTANT adult assistance and is very flimsy.  I would never had gotten this for my kids but they received it as a gift.
This is the new game by the designer ofCaylus. Like Caylus, Spyrium is boring and overly complicated, this time with a pasted-on steampunk theme that has absolutely no impact on gameplay and is done in the most dry, boring, academic way possible. This is a worker placement game where you bid to own different cards, each representing various character professions and buildings. Some produce "spyrium" a florescent green new element that might as well be solar or electricity, that's how unexciting it is. Due to the bidding on multiple sides of the cards mechanic, the game reminds me of the equally boring, even more complicatedKeyflower. The art is much nicer than Keyflower, but the game's colors seem a bit muted and intentionally murky for a pseudo-industrial feel I didn't like. This game is hard to learn and teach, and goes too far away from the light fun of other worker placement games like Stone Age, Hawaii, and Lords of Waterdeep. Hardcore gamers who like dry, overly complicated euro-games may like this, but the average gamer will not. The steampunk theme, which is supposed to be a selling point, feels more like a pasted-on money grab than a tightly-integrated design choice. Steampunk is supposed to be light and fun and fantastical, which is why it is popular. Spyrium is not. The only steampunk elements are that it is set in Victorian England and has a shiny green new power source. There are no airships, no mad scientists, no nothing but dry, boring pseudo-science and gloom.NOTE: You can read the rules and play this game free online at Board Game Arena. That way, you can see for yourself how you like it before buying it.
My 6-year old granddaughter said that the "only" thing she wanted for Christmas was some Stompeez Bunny slippers. Of course her younger cousin did the "Me Too" routine. These slippers do what the advertising said. They "pop to life with every step you take"; if by "step" they really do mean "stomp". They appear to be well made.The girls were both delighted with watching the bunny's ears pop up revealing the bunny's face- for about 10 minutes. I think the only reason their interest lasted that long was because the adults were saying how cute the slippers are. Neither girl seems comfortable wearing the Stompeez as slippers. The fun of "stomping" & the ears popping up was short-lived. The girls spent the night at my house & only one of them even put the slippers on again & that was for a short time.
I got these from another large online retailer that sells discounted items (starts with o...) anyhow we have been playing with them along side of our magnatiles that my sons also got for christmas from someone else (had no idea we were buying these..) I would say 200 or more is a good number to have of these. the magnets worked fine but we have played with about 5 times and when a small building fell down a chunk broke off one of the pieces. Very disappointing and dangerous. I plan to contact the company to find out their warranty policy.
Boys got this for Christmas. Another reviewer stated that the material is similar to reusable shopping bags, which I found accurate. I did not know it was velcro though, so it frequently comes apart. Easy to fix and my almost 5 year old knows how to do it so that's not a real problem. I just wish that was mentioned somewhere.UPDATE: Didn't last 6 months. Boys got this for XMas, by summer it had ripped. (And it was stored for a good part of those 6 mos). Now my kids were playing in it with a bunch of friends and were likely being rambunctious, but I was disappointed it didn't last longer...
First Act Jr. Drum Set is a nice set of drums (bass, tom, snare, and cymbal) for a kid to start beating on.  It is sized just right for my 6 and 8 year olds, and the *drums* (but not the foot pedal, see below) seem plenty durable to take their beating.  The drums are even tunable, so true audiophiles will be able to tolerate the sound better.  The snap fit connectors between the drums are easy to put together.  That's the good.The bad?  As another reviewer said - assembly is easy if you already know how to do it.  Put the what, where?  Using the "drum tuning key"?  Oh, you mean that little square wrench thingy?  Okay.  Assembly instructions are weak at best.  The tuning instructions are fine, if you already know how to tune drums, too.The product listing says the "California Foot Pedal is an exclusive, patented footprint design" - that's fine, but the part that beats on the drum came flying off within five minutes of use.  Maybe they should have spent more time on that connection than the footprint shape of the pedal.And then there's the "Color and Shape Learning Guide" - it would be a pathetic waste of paper, if it was any more than a single sheet foldout.  But it isn't more, so it's not even a waste of paper, it's just pathetic.  Worse than bad.  The product listing says it is "written by a professional music educator", but it is so bad that the educator wouldn't even put his/her name to it.  Seriously, don't bother with the stickers, and don't think your child will learn ANYTHING about playing drums from that guide.The drums would be four stars.  Minus one for the foot pedal failure.  Minus one for the "Learning Guide" and instructions.
I bought this for my daughter who is a HUGE Doc fan...  Amazon keeps raising the price!  Why? I only paid $79 for it...The whole product is a bit flimsy a you and knocks over easily so make sure you position is against a wall.Assembly:There are A LOT of pieces in this set.  The assembly was &#34;ok&#34; and easy for the most part.  I didn't use the instructions, only to figure out where some pieces go.  It doesn't really matter what you assemble first, it all comes together in the end.My one gripe about this product besides the flimsiness is that the two side shelves will not stay attached.  The bracket pcs that connect into the inside of the main cabinet are too short to engage. They are not usefull at all, too bad.  I actually took them away since my daughter was just throwing them around.Accessories:This includes - Lambie with articulated arms, an electronic phone to call Hallie, a scale, 2 xrays , doc tools , Dr bag, purple coat, roll of stickers for the patents, sticker bandaides...etc.The phone is cute since we like to call Hallie and see who our next patent is, The scale doesn't really fit anything on it  - Lambie fit though!,  The xrays are cute - she uses them,  The doc tools are ok.  They also include attachments to keep them on the peg board of the station.  They stay with the tools every tme!  I have to take the attachment things off all the time, seems they did not make them wide enough so the peg would stay attached on the other side.  The doctor bad is another thing!  No kid can open it!  No even I can open it most of the time.  It's a press and lift but it's so frustrating...Play:The fact that is is Doc makes all the reason why we bought it.  The top of the station is very crowded with built in stuff (sink, the Book of Boo Boo's shelf...etc) that it's difficult to fit a larger stuffed patient on the check up table.  We manage but they hang off and fall sometimes.  My daughter likes to use all the sections on the station, only giving small guys a bath and pretending to wash her hands all the time between patients which is great!Wishes:I wish the designer used the pieces for the outside shelves for the inside.  What a mess of stuff my daughter has inside the station.Some shelves would have helped in there .
Get the game.  Get the first expansion.  But you may want to pass on this.It doesn't fit into the rest of the game.  Cthulhu mythos should have been one deck not four.The new mechanics are slow and not that much fun.I don't regret buying it because it is cheap and I really do love the original game but it adds little to the game.
My niece didn't like it.... she said it didn't look like the character at all.... I can't say its true or not... only that the girl was not impressed.
This toy was great while it worked. My 10 year old son had a blast shooting it with a friend of his. The darts shot a nice distance and it was easy to use. However, after 2-3 days the bottom dart will no longer go anywhere, it just sort of falls out. Not sure if a spring broke or what happened but it definitely put a damper on the fun. Maybe ours is defective but it was certainly a disappointment to have it stop working properly after only a couple days of use. Nerf products, overall, usually work great. We have several guns and even another bow model that work great. Not sure what went wrong here.
My grand-daughter first learned of these elves when her 1st grade teacher brought one in... and of course getting teachers and school involved is part of a very manipulative marketing strategy, there's an elf &#34;school activities&#34; catalog (manipulative jerks).My grand-daughter couldn't understand why Santa hadn't sent one to her house.  She would get up each morning looking for it and eventually this led to sorrow and tears of disappointment - Did I mention that I hate the people that thought this thing up.  So of course I couldn't have that, noooooooooo.  So off to Target I went.  This &#34;thing&#34; is not worth $30.00, it's cheap Chinese stuff that maybe cost 25 cents to make.  Anyway, she was thrilled and delighted with the elf, but did it stop there?  Nooooooooo.  We explained that the elf is not a toy, she's there to report on behavior (which is totally stupid, this is not how you get children to behave) and that she could not touch it or the magic would go away (this is what the makers tell you to say to the child).  So what happens next?  She accepts that SHE can't touch it but is constantly asking to have the thing moved by the adults into entertaining situations.  This elf is a pain in the neck.
We got this for our daughter because we felt nostalgic for the old Baby Alive commercials we remembered as kids during the 1970's (we are pretty old parents). This thing is a monstrosity though--over-sized head, creepy eyes and a weird, precocious voice in the recordings. I cringe whenever my daughter takes it out.
We purchased these as a birthday gift for our son. They are made of very light weight plastic, seem cheep, and the yellow and orange plane's propeller keeps falling off. They would be ok as cake toppers, but I would not recommend them as a toy for kids to play with.
I received this product in the time frame it was suppose to come. But when I saw the package I was disappointed in the size of the planes. I thought it was much bigger than they are.....
I had this on my daughter's christmas list, and found it for two dollars and fifty cents at family dollar.  It is barely worth that much, so don't spend more than a couple bucks on it.
If it weren't for the fact that my daughter had already laid eyes on this Sofia she received as a gift, I probably would have returned it. For what's supposed to be a toddler toy, it has shockingly small pieces. I thought some of her other toys accessories were small, but these are ridiculous. Worse of all, the lid of the trunk and the blanket are constantly falling off and need to be reattached. I guess the head popping off issue other reviewers have mentioned has been fixed, but the rest of it is not worth the hassle. Since we have a mobile baby in the house, this toy has been banished to her older sisters room, never to be circulated with the safer and more age appropriate toys.
I was so happy to but Legos because they said that they were not made in China, and yet, the components are made in China, so brain damaging cobolt, lead and whatever else could very well be present. China itself admits that they cannotpossibly test every manufacturer, and we dont test Chinese made products! Shame on Legos!!!
I should have listened to the other reviewers who warned that this doesn't stay together. We have another Angry Birds Jenga set that is so much better than this, The other one came with a cardboard backer to show where all of the pieces go, and then you can remove it once it's all put together. The pieces on the other set fit together tightly and stay together so you can actually play the game. The pieces on Pirate Pig Attack are loose and it's a total pain to set up, only to have it fall apart with the slightest movement. Luckily my son likes to play with the cars and pigs that came with it by themselves or it would have been a total waste.
too small i thought it would be bigger but it was very tiny. not that cool is not satisfying at all
This is Mattel's second attempt at Sophia's castle, after last summer'sissues-ridden first versionwas finally recalled (purchases of that version on Amazon now seem to link to this one) after Mattel kept having to send out replacement parts.  Purportedly the stairs are sturdier, Sophia's head no longer pops off, and the electrical shorts have been fixed.Not in my experience.My daughters hadn't played with it more than five minutes when the staircase snapped, and the talking part of this talking castle still doesn't work (whether because of lighting or electrical issues - it doesn't matter to a 3yo who just wants to play).  And that's not touching the issue of the excessive number of small parts included.I'm with you, I wanted a fun princess castle for my kids and I don't wanna leave you without options.  With better quality for less money, check out our favorites:Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace(which you can get with Amazon's frustration-free packaging option - sweet!),LEGO DUPLO Cinderella's Castle, andCinderella Magic Clip Castle.  For an extra $10, but much larger and higher-quality castle, tryMelissa & Doug Deluxe Princess Castlewhich, with a few princess stickers, is easily transformed into Sophia's home.  Sure none of them talk, but most of the time neither does Sophia's Talking Castle - even when it's supposed to.
Played this with our seven year old. He ended up getting frustrated with it. Good concept for a game, but our seven year old found it on the boring side.
I'm not a Family Guy fan, but I know several of my grandsons are.  This looked like a Lego equivalent and they are serious Lego fans.  This was a bust.  The quality is far below the Lego level, the instructions are poor, and the overall kit is very disappointing.  From this point on I'll stick with Lego for my gifts.
These boards arent worth the money.  They are so cheaply made that you can not build on the carpet because they bend so badly.  NOT worth the money!
I cannot rate this item as it was not sent to me.  Based on this and other reviews on this item as well as others, this seems to have happened a few times already.We recieved the Crayola Dino Destruction Metropolitan Mayhem instead, which we liked.
Got this for my almost 6 year old as he loves anything that requires building and anything Angry Birds related.  he is big into Legos so he has a lot of experience following directions and building stuff on his own.  He knows better than to ask me as I am terrible with legos but I do try if he really needs me.  Most of the time he goes to my wife for help!  This set looked promising when we opened it.  the directions are pretty clear for the most part but they seem to do a lot of steps within one specifc step unlike legos which will spread out something acorss a few more steps to better see what is going on.Problems started arising when certain pieces wouldn't clamp together well enough without falling apart when adding other pieces.  The Knex stuff just doesn't seem as well built as Legos in this regard.  We tried for about an hour before my son just decided he was tired of playing with it and moved on to something else.  This is the first project he did not finish and I am fine with it because it was frustrating.  The only other time we had this much of an issue was with a chinese knock off legos we got in new Hampshire at a train station in North Conway.The one good thing that comes with this package are the characters.  Those get played with but more like action figures rather than part of the overall set.
ours are all really dark colors, really thin, and unappealing. We ordered 2 packages and are not happy at all.
it is very cheap, but it is really not a good iron man figure.shape, painting are  just really rough
Maybe it's just me, but I think some classics should just remain as so. I remember playing with the fisher price farm and LOVING it, I recently got an Ipad Air and was curious to see how it was. I am a huge fan of the Fisher Price Little People!First of all, this is a compact version of the original, I assume because of room the ipad takes. My iPad Air isn't meant to go in there. I contacted Fisher Price and this is the response I got:**Compatible with 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Generation iPad and the new iPad with the Retina display** I don't think she knew what she was talking about & she read me off what was on the box.The chances of your toddler playing with their animals and people on the little area where your iPad slides into are pretty slim.I'm going out to buy my daughter the original farm for Christmas, she just picked up the animals and took them elsewhere.THE BOX ALSO STATES "WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE DIGITAL APPTIVITY APPLICATIONS AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 2015"Also if you have the iPad smartcase, you aren't going to be wanting to take your iPad in and out of it to put it in here.
I don't know if I was sold a used unit or what but I could'nt really even get this thing in the air, the gyroscope or something must be broke in it, I know how to fly helicopters and quadcopters and this one will not fly, packaged it up the next day to send back for refund.
My boys LOVED this car maker.  They learned all about injection molding and had a fabulous time Christmas morning making cars.  They don't actually get to do too much of the process because the maker does most of it, but they didn't mind at all.  This was all they wanted to do on Christmas morning...until it BROKE not once, but twice.  My son learned that if you don't load the wax sticks point first, two wax points will end up touching inside the first chamber and slip off of each other when you're trying to press the sticks in.  This creates a jam of two sticks stuck in the first chamber and no way to push them into the melting chamber.  The jam occurred where you can't easily access the sticks, so it took a long time for my engineer husband to fix the problem.  Sure, my son should have loaded the wax with the point first, but this is a toy for kids--Mattel should have anticipated things like wax jams would happen and at least create parental access to the chamber or at least make it harder for a wax jam to occur.  The wax sticks have tiny tips--it really isn't apparent the tip should go in first.  Lesson learned.So, the first jam was repaired by my handy husband who designs things for a living.  My kids proceeded to make a half dozen more cars when the car maker broke...again.  Who knows what's wrong with it this time.  My husband says he'll look at it later because the last repair sucked up an afternoon.  This toy should be more durable.  I don't spend $40 anticipating a toy will last an afternoon.  I was also lucky enough to find wax refills, so I dumped $25 on those, plus $10 on another mold set.  In total, I spent $75 on a toy that lasted a day.  Not good, Mattel.Also, Amazon won't let me return the car maker because I purchased it at the end of October from their Holiday Toy List for my kids for Christmas.  What that Holiday Toy List didn't mention was that Amazon's Christmas return policy of a January 31 return deadline didn't start until November 1st.  So even though I purchased the item from their Holiday Toy List that was out at the end of October and didn't give the toy to my kids until Christmas, I am unable to return it because 30 days has passed from my purchase date.  Thanks, Amazon.
As a marketing professional, I bring a critical perspective to products that others might see in a much simpler light.  Take a crayon case, for example.  Crayola, the KING of crayons, thought consumers would love a case to hold 152 crayons.  I thought my kids would love it, too.  After receiving it and trying it out, I cannot help but think of all the cool things this case could have been, rather than just a yellow hunk of plastic that holds crayons.I normally like to point out all the great things about products, but this is an exception.  Other than holding 152 crayons, this case really does not offer much.  Instead, I will focus on all the things YOU WILL NOT FIND with this product, that would have been really neat.THINGS I WISH THIS CASE OFFERED, BUT IT DOES NOT:1. Spinning/Carousel Base: It is impossible for a little one to see all the crayons that are arranged to face 4 different directions around the center of the case.  So, why not make the case rotate, rather than making the kid walk around it or pick up the entire case?2. Grouping/Organization: Rather than 152 colors dispersed somewhat randomly, why not use the case to help bring some sort of organization to the colors?  For instance, there is one box that is full of metallics.  There is another box full of glitter crayons.  However, the only way I knew this was by pulling out the individual crayons and using deductive reasoning.  Why not label the groups and do more groups to help make sense of such a large assortment?3. A Lid with a Clasp: There is a very cheap plastic lid with this case that I am certain will be discarded by most purchasers who think it is simply packing material--not worthy of keeping for the long haul.  However, if you don't keep that cheap piece of plastic, then you have NO LID AT ALL.  It would have been nice if they had thought about a case of crayons that will almost certainly be transported by a little one who might drop it.4. Cooler Sharpener: This case has a sharpener, but it is inconveniently located in the middle of the case, and it is sunken down low.  It really isn't even all that easy to see.  Then, to sharpen a crayon, a kid must hold the crayon vertically and turn it.  Sure, all of this is possible, but with a big case like this, a better solution could have been designed that is easier to access and use.5. Refill Friendly Design: My kids use washable crayons, which do not come with this case.  However, the only way that I could put their crayons into this case would be to buy 16-count boxes of crayons, as this case is really only designed to hold that size of box (actually, there is one box in the case that holds 24, but the rest hold 16 crayons).  Practically speaking, the life of this case is going to be pretty short if it is not easy to refill with one's own crayons down the road.In summary, if you are just looking for a throw-away plastic case full of 152 crayons, then this product is for you.  If, on the other hand, you are hoping for a case that is designed to stand the test of time and provide some unique and useful features and benefits for your little ones, you'll be disappointed like me.
The crayons are the best part about this toy - they are durable, bright colors.  The concept of the Dry Erase Light-Up board in an innovative one, but the execution isn't so great.  The product is made from flimsy plastic.  My boys enjoyed drawing on it a couple of times and then watching it glow in the dark, but the novelty quickly faded when it took quite a bit of work to get the crayon off of the plastic in order to draw something new  - it takes some significant scrubbing to clean it and start fresh (not something little kids can do by themselves, it requires an adult to do the cleaning and scrubbing).  It's substantially overpriced! Overall, it still needs some work.
Hot Wheels tracks are cool because you can control the cars, use existing cars, and customize the way pieces go together to make your own race tracks. This one has none of those characteristics. Here's why:1. The track only works put together in one way. And I don't see a way to add existing (ground) tracks to it to customize.2. Other cars we already own don't always work. There are a lot of shapes of Hot Wheels and only certain shapes will be picked up.3. If you batteries die - and they will pretty quickly - then the set is useless. You can't use it without batteries, even if it were on the ground.4. The stickies that hold it on the walls don't stay stuck.Me and my kids love Hot Wheels and we love the tracks as well. This set just seems too convoluted to work. I don't recommend it. Sorry Hot Wheel fans! For the money there are many other better sets.
It look interesting and fun in the beginning but my granddaughter became quickly frustrated. The tower is flimsy and awkward to use. The entire project was hard to use especially trying to squeeze the tubes needing two hands and more likely three. I don't like to give bad reviews but in all honesty I am being generous by giving the DohVinci Flower Tower one star. Disappointed.
Cora was cute and a great idea but from the get go she was defective....she would stutter, repeating the same things over and over again. N She also would only play a few of the songs programmed and would go off after about 5 minutes, even if it was set for 15 or 30 minutes. She also would onlt say the first story that was programmed-- so it got very monotonous.  We liked the idea of Cora and thought she was fun so we sent the defective one back and got another one in return. This time she seemed to be working fine---- for about a week, but then began to do the same thing with the stuttering.  It will work for about 5 sec. and then just stutter... It is super annoying. We have had tried reprogramming her... and everytime we do it works for about 5 mintues and then goes back to the same problem. Another thing that I don't like is that the USB cord is hard to get into cora. It is so short and the little flap door that you have to open to stick it in is hard to keep open while trying to get the cord in.Another thing that I didn't like that was that on some of the holidays she would say was next month when they were really 2 months away.Anyway I liked the idea of Cora and thought she was cute when she worked----- but there were way too many problems and now we just have to enjoy her as a stuffed bear and not a fun talking friend. Would NOT recommend buying. Go with a different brand.
Years ago, my wife and I bought Gund plush bears for two of our nieces (toddlers at the time), and they carried them everywhere, finally wearing them out. So I know Gund makes first rate plush toys that will outlast most other brands. The ABC Elmo is a handsome lad, very soft and huggable, and just the right size for toddlers to carry around.But there's a real problem, and I can't recommend buying this Elmo. When you press his left hand, he sings the ABC Song. It's a great song, and my wife and I have had a lot of fun playing it and singing along. But when the battery dies, Elmo will never sing again, because the Gund designers failed to make the battery replaceable. Poor Elmo is doomed to become permanently mute, and that's likely to be soon, because the built-in LR44 battery is very small. The LR44 is used almost entirely in calculators, where they work great, but for driving Elmo's voice, it probably won't last long.My biggest problem with Gund is that their product description doesn't say a word about the battery not being replaceable. How can the company possibly think that kids and their parents won't be extremely upset when Elmo stops singing?It's unfortunate, because this is a nice Elmo that kids would love if the battery was replaceable. Since Elmo is going to lose his voice anyway, I recommend looking at a songless version like this one:Gund Sesame Street Elmo 15" Plush. It's cheaper, and it's basically the same Elmo without the ABC shirt.
It says new version on the description but when mine arrived it was the old version which uses a different plug style on the batteries. This was useless for me. I don't even remember what I did with it, threw it away, or stored it somewhere. It wasn't very expensive so I didn't bother sending it back although I probably should have.
I bought this for my kids because they are obsessed with play-doh. I thought that this might be a nice change from the usually rolling out the doh and using a cookie cutter. The gun was really easy to use. And that was probably the only good thing about it. The doh doesn't stick to the picture frame at all. No matter how careful you are, the designs just don't come out right. There isn't enough doh to complete the whole project. It doesn't dry overnight like it's supposed to. Pieces were just falling off. I was just very disappointed with the whole thing.
Details on this thing are okay, but the articulation is absolutely dreadful! Do not hope to make any stop motions with this thing, he is mediocre at best.
Toy is not very sturdy or durable and therefore I consider it over priced at $39.99.  The two little cars are very cute, roll easily, but are not super durable either.
I received this Hot Wheels Stunt Vehicle and promptly put in new batteries and handed it over to my 7 year old grandson to watch him play with it. I am here to say, loud and clear, don't waste your money.First and foremost, the LED light that is supposed to light up when the vehicle is fully charged - does not. We tried several sets of new batteries to no avail. The wheels do spin on the charger, so we knew it was charging up. However, after the car is placed on the floor and runs into a wall (which is supposed to be the fun part, let's remember), the vehicle would promptly stop and do nothing. No rebound, no "crazy non-stop action" as the package promises. Nothing.And to make matters worse, the charge only lasts about 15 seconds. For a 7 year old to use a toy for 15 seconds and then have to recharge it? Not good. He lost interest quickly.Another problem is that it's very difficult to tell when the vehicle is seated on the charger properly. There is no "click" or feel of the charger and vehicle being promptly seated together. My grandson could not tell when he was/wasn't charging the vehicle. Another level of frustration added.To be honest, I told my grandson I wanted him to help me review this toy, and his words were, "It's a piece of junk" and promptly headed towards the wastebasket with it. From the mouths of babes...
My son is a HUGE fan of WWE wrestling and has recently gotten into the rings and action figures. Within an hour of opening this the ring ropes were popped. He is 9 so it wasn't that he is simply too young to understand to take care of things. Unfortunately we were not able to fix it well enough to stay together. Very disappointed with the quality of this item.
I got them headphones so I wouldn't have to listen to their leappads, but the headphones don't stay on very well.  They are a bit too big for their 5-year-old heads even when adjusted as small as they will go.  It seems as if LeapFrog took an adult design, put pink plastic into the mold, and marketed them to kids.  They work, but barely: I expect that they will be fine in a year or so.On the plus side, the audio cord seems to be a bit thicker (and presumably more sturdy) than usual.
My 2 year old daughter likes it, but she also liked her set from the dollar store just as well.Things that need to be improved:The bag is very narrow making it hard for little ones to put away all the tools independently.The stethoscope is *super* tight. My two year old won't put it in her ears because it hurts.The stethoscope makes all the sounds from the show and has some great Doc quotes, but it doesn't have a heartbeat- duh!
Loved the commercial which makes this toy look like so much fun but it's actually very flimsy once you assemble it and tends to come apart.  Also, The little mouse car has no was to hang onto the track so unless you hold onto it the whole time it doesn't move or it simply falls off.  The ballon on the high wire and the umbrella with basket don't move without assistance the whole time either.  Could have been much better.
How can you review a book you haven't read? That's my usual response when I read comments declaring why the reviewer didn't really make it through the entire book because of some major concerns.Well, now I am reviewing something that I haven't fully tested.The Pictionary Frame Game is a pretty unfortunate attempt to &#34;update&#34; an old classic game, but it fails on so many levels that we haven't ever been able to get a game going following the new instructions.Problems start out with the drawing frame itself. As has already been pointed out, the lack of a game box is in itself awkward (still have this sitting on a shelf while trying to figure out how to store it), but this could be overlooked if the format of a stand up frame for drawing the game pictures worked.It doesn't.If you lay the frame on the table and draw on it for stability, it works, but then that takes away the advantage of everyone being able to see the picture as it is drawn. However, for most normally adept adults and children, trying to hold the frame steady while drawing on it in an upright position ends up making the drawings even more incoherent than they might normally be. Add to that the small size of the frame, especially for those of us who have grown used to playing Pictionary on whiteboards or even flipchart paper (yes, some of us have been known to go so far, especially when there are large groups playing), and you will begin to get the picture (pun intended) of the problems with this screen.Now move on to one of the &#34;new&#34; kinds of cards--Action. Quite frankly, our crew tested a couple of these and realized that they could get better effects by laying down the marker and screen and just acting out the clues. Anyone every hear of &#34;Charades?&#34;Then there is the Mirror, Mirror category. Now the person who knows what is the clue will take his or her finger and &#34;draw&#34; on one side of the screen, while a teammate takes the marker and traces those finger movements, all the while that the rest of the team is trying to figure out what is being drawn. When we tried a test drive of this, there were very large problems, chief of which was trying to have two people do this while the rest of the group has enough visibility to even try to guess what is being drawn. And all this in 30 seconds or less.Ah yes, another problem. Thirty seconds to draw a picture? Really? Unless the group decides to let the draw-er spend an extended amount of time thinking of where they will start with the idea, this is sadly insufficient for almost any of the clues, especially (again) given the difficulty in drawing on an upright frame and having such a small screen that the entire team can't really see the drawing well at once.Oh, and the marker is not &#34;dry-erase;&#34; it is &#34;wet erase&#34; (says so right in the instructions!), so you need to have a wet (not just lightly moist either) paper towel or cloth handy for wiping the screen between each use. Better have a dry cloth too, unless you want to wait out the air drying time by singing songs or otherwise occupying your time.So why did I give this two stars? I guess I just couldn't go all the way to one star when we really never got to a full-blown game. And we will be pulling some of the cards and mixing them in with our classic Pictionary game; in fact, trying this out reminded us of how long it had been since we'd played the original. Yes, some of those clues are now a little dated, but we just go past those if they are a problem for any of the younger players. The screen (with real dry erase markers) is something that a few of the kids are having fun with, creating their own ideas of fun, so all is not lost...and we are still trying to come up with our own made up game that can use a 30 second timer, since the quality of that piece seems pretty good.Overall, avoid this but, if you have it given to you as a gift, try to get creative in how you use all the parts!
I am old and was really looking for a skip it like I remembered from my youth... sadly, this one is not it.  First... the end of the skip it is just too heavy to get it to spin around your ankle... another design flaw... the thick, twisted, flat &#34;cable&#34; that is attached to the wedge shaped end.  It also makes it a bit too hard to get it spin... I ordered 2 of them.. one for myself and one as gift... sadly I after opening mine, I found that it didn't work and it was too late to retrieve the gift... Needless to say I would not recommend this IF you're looking for how the original skip it worked.  Disappointing.  BUT... I did find one that DOES work on Amazon by Toysmith...  &#34;nightzone skipsation&#34;... it's not exactly as the original skip it, but it works!!Here's the link if Amazon allows it:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IMMFA1W/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Happy skipping!
We purchased an Innotab for my four year old during the holidays. We unfortunately paid far more than the current price which is too high in my opinion.PROS- Relatively durable.- stylus is attached.CONS- learning lodge software is awful. It took four hours to download to my computer. The server is slow and the add on apps are ridiculously priced.- camera is that of archaic proportion quality.. Think "grainy" and dark.- touch screen is poor, detects any smudge and malfunctions- games are just ok, with gltichy problems while using stylus.- daughter was bored to literal tears by the game play.I think at this point, a standard tablet by apple or similar would be the most bang for your buck. This tablet is just not worth any frustrations associated with its usage. I tried to give it a fair shot, but I am so over it.
The top surface of this toy is smooth. There's no way to see or feel where the 'buttons' are to activate various features. Granted, it's pretty forgiving. You can tap anywhere on the animals, anywhere on the keys, to make sounds. But after a few seconds of watching a kid trying to tap the light next to the drum kit instead of the drum kit itself, even i was frustrated.As with most LeapFrog toys, the voices are shrill and it defaults to being noisy and pestering. With a few taps, you can make it quiet so your child can explore the different musical notes and sounds, but unless you do, it's just an endless loop of noise.There are three modes, 'Compose', 'Song', and 'Game'.Compose is a sort of free-for-all. It starts with the 'guitar' loop playing, and kids can bang on the keys or the animals-with-instruments to add more noise.Song encourages kids to touch the different instruments to hear little samples of sound, or they can touch an animal-with-instrument to play a song. (Now this would have been a great opportunity to actually teach something. If, for example, the keys lit up to show which note was being played in the song. But no, it just plays a song like 'twinkle twinkle'.)Game involves the device telling the user to touch a certain color. There are pretty much only two options - the key of that color, or the animal/instrument of that color. The device then tells the kid what they touched (the key color, the animal name, the instrument), and starts again. Given that there are only 8 keys, 6 animals, and 4 instruments, the options are limited.There's pretty much nothing this toy does that isn't done by every other toy on the market these days. Hit a button, hear a song. The only interesting education option, using the playing song to teach a little basic keyboarding, isn't one of the features.And in a bid to lighten the toy or lower the cost by reducing the material requirements, the back of the toy is mostly empty space with thin plastic bands for structural support. While not actually sharp, they do dig into a kid's lap if they're wearing shorts instead of long pants. I'll post a picture of this (the toy, not the red lines of my child's legs after using it).If you want your kid to experiment with music, get them a keyboard. There are some pretty cheap, pretty good ones on the market these days that actually do teach kids how to play some simple songs. If you just want more noise in your life, this one'll do.
There are technically two reviews for this product, the parent's review and the kid's review.  The kids in the review are a three year old boy and twin five year old girls.As the parent I would give it just one star:* Age requirement is way off.  The box states that it is not appropriate for children under 3 years.  Given the high number of tiny parts that are easy to disassemble, the age requirement should be 6 years.* The kit did not come with all the pieces.  There was only one drumstick and there was a missing guitar body (only had the neck).* Never attempt to put this together with the kids helping.  It may not make a difference, however, since as soon as the set was assembled my three children completely destroyed it within five minutes at most.* Like I stated earlier there were a high number of tiny parts.  My impression was that some of the smaller pieces could have been molded into fewer larger pieces which would have simplified it from a setup perspective and made it safer for younger kids.* The guitar strap broke the first time I attempted to attach it to the guitar.* The stage seemed too small to hold all of the people and instruments.* It connected to an MP3 player and the sound was fine but it was not feasible to keep it connected since the younger kids would mess it up.If my children understood the star system they would have given it three stars:* They really liked the music that came along with it.  I think it was just the idea that they could control it and it was fairly loud.* They liked being able to take it all apart and rearrange things.* They kept coming back to the set sporadically but it is not likely to carry any long term interest for them.
This was decent.. but my mother in law got our 3 yr old a leapfrog and we actually were able to compare. Its been 2 days so far but it just seems the leapfrog is a bit more polished with software abilities and etc.Alot is very similar, but this one has wifi and sd card slot and more..The learning lodge software is horrid IMO.I did have high hopes for the samsung galaxy 3 for kids but at $230 no way......All in all - this is OK. But when comparing to leapfrom - its just not as good.
I went for a slightly larger container of lincoln logs expecting a variety of sizes; however, almost all the pieces are so tiny it's hard to build anything. =/
My daughter loves Doc McStuffins, so of course, was super excited about it. However...The items in her doctor kit are EXTREMELY small and difficult not to lose!! The top of the doctor kit breaks off instantly every time we play with it. I wish it was better quality for what I paid for it, but at the time---Doc McStuffins toys were nowhere to be found in store! If you are buying this for a child with younger siblings, please watch those tiny tiny medical supplies!!
The kids (age 4 and 8) like this game, though this isn't one where parents and older kids will want to join in. The kids were frustrated because the marbles would often stick inside the hippo's &#34;neck&#34; area and their hippo couldn't collect any more marbles. Not a good quality remake of the classic game.
This are well formed and pretty realistic with regard to shape. However, it's worth noting that they don't have any fidelity with one another with regard to size.  All fruits and veggies are a couple inches in dimension with a head of lettuce and a banana the same size as an apple.  But regardless of whether or not you care about this, my issue with this product is that they smell absolutely horrible.  I think because they were a cloth tote of little fruits and veggies with that &#34;farmer's market&#34; sort of feel, I kind of automatically assumed this product would be made with some eye towards health.  But apparently, I didn't read carefully enough.  When I opened it I was shocked by the strong, plastic seemingly toxic smell.  And when I looked, nowhere on the box does it say non-toxic or PVC or phlalate free.  So if you, like me, are looking for healthy versions of healthy kitchen set food, this sadly does not appear to be it.  It's too bad.... because it would be an otherwise nice product.
This toy is cute and appealing, but it didn't work very well. So frustrating! It seemed like the adjustments didn't work as they should have. Something was very wrong, as we could never see anything with ours. It pales in comparison to the real thing, which is to be expected, I guess.
As a teenager back in the late seventies, I was a really big fan of Lynda Carter in "The New adventures of Wonder Woman" television series on ABC (later moved to CBS.)During my second sophomore year, we had 'Career Day' where we would dress up as the person we wanted to be like in a job. My grandpa, who was a truck driver, strongly urged against my wishes. He even suggested I go as Lyle Waggoner who played the part of Major Steven 'Steve'  Leonard Trevor. However, I would have none of that and even my grandma had my back. She always had my "back" by washing it for me until i was nineteen because I couldn't reach it. Grandpa  thought it was just too 'weird'.Lynda Carter as Wonder Woman was who I wanted be when I grew up.Even after the tv show was cancelled, I would write letters to Lynda Carter about my ideas for the show if it came back and how I would help out Wonder Woman as her sidekick ((wait for it..)) 'Fantasmo Boy.' She would write me back with some pretty saucy stories on how she would thank me for my heroism. My grandma was the one who would mail off the letters.  Lyda Carter's handwriting was as similar to my grandma's writing as the type of perfume she wore similar to the way the letters smelled. It was all a happy coincidence that brought me as close to Linda Carter as I ever got.Over the years, I have fancied myself as a Wonder Woman action figure collector. I think the figure has strayed pretty far off from the one true Wonder Woman, Lynda Carter. Sure, Cathy Lee Crosby played the part as well, but I do not recognize her. As a result, I just can not give this figure any more than one star.
I bought this and the first couple pages were great- we loved the colors and how easy it was to use.  But after those first few pages, it stopped working.  Most of the book is just blank coloring pages- the ones we didn't soak to try to get it to work.  Sad it didn't work- we loved it at first!
Look at these at a store before buying.  Loud, annoying toy.  The kid plays with it off and on but I would have gotten a different helicopter had I walked in the store.
Cheaply made, and the string does not allow the &#34;arrows&#34; to go more than a foot away, So disappointed in Nerf with this product, we have more than 2 dozen of their products because with have 3 grandkids, and their parents playing all at the same time.
This kit is mediocre at best. The size of the Pyrite nuggets in the kit I received were considerably smaller and less in number than that shown on the box. In short, they were very hard to find the only few that were there.  I do not recommend this.
Wife 2.0's grandson came over to visit us this past weekend, just in time for this item, and a few other items, to get there before him.  This was one of of the items that I gave him early, expecting he might want to check it out and play it a bit, but it was pretty quickly cast aside in favor of something else.Why so quickly cast aside?  Well, there's the assembly time, then there was the thought of having to read instructions and/or rules on how to play the game, and finally, well, it apparently just wasn't nearly as much fun for him as the images that are shown on the product listing page here at Amazon would indicate.On the other hand, had this been a Lego video game, the grandson might have been glued to the TV playing it until it was time to go home.In the end, this one doesn't seem to be worth putting much of an investment into.  It is rather flimsy and just doesn't seem to be as much fun as promised.  Not horrible, but not worth spending much time or money on either.
My daughter loves bubble guppies so I got this with the rock n roll stage for her Christmas. I think it would have been best if the characters had their own saying with the rock n roll stage. She doesn't play with this much but she still plays with the stage.
I ordered this to make some more advanced bracelets and it was broken when I received it, I made it work but it si just the point!
Worst of all the dc new 52 figures....by far. I won't comment on the style. Someone else said he looks too much like a vampire or zombie. That is for the buyer to decide. The execution of the figure is where I will focus. The lightning bolt on his chest does not look as good as in the photo. They only used white and black paint for it and as another reviewer said it looks like an odd cow pattern. The cape is nice in design and is torn up a bit, but it was cast in a cheap plastic that makes it lose some of its design. The NECK is the worst. He can't look up at all. I hate having him stare at another characters feet. I have not found a pose for him that I like. I don't usually complain about the lack of articulation in dc figures but this guy really needed a swivel waist. I just bought the dc 7 pack of heroes and villians.....that is a much better set. I have all the dc figures except manhunter, shazam, deathstroke, and gl simon baz (will purchase all but baz later). This figure pails in comparison to the rest.
It's true.  My daughter actually did ask me if I could give this no stars.  It's not really a no star item, but I can't go higher than two stars.Basically, you start by setting up what is a really cool looking cut-out of Sophia's palace.  It's pretty easy to set up, though you have to punch out a ton of window holes and then place the windows in the corresponding holes.  Easy as it is, set up took a while.One player is Princess Sophia (not as exciting as it sounds).  She puts on a cheap plastic bracelet.  The other is the hider.  What follows are amazingly complex instructions for a game for the 3 and up set.  The hider pulls a tile from a stack.  Based on the rather obscure symbol on the tile, the hider then hides either a charm or a friend tile behind a window.  Sophia (who will be your daughter because no way she isn't being Sophia!), spins a wheel which tells her how many windows she can open in search of a charm.  If she gets lucky enough to find a charm, she then hangs the charm from her bracelet.  Eventually, you switch, replace the charms behind the windows, and then compare to see who got the most charms.  I've simplified the rules here.  I actually had to read them a few times to understand this much.Now, I should say that my daughter is a Sophia the First fanatic.  She knows every song by heart.  Can recite the dialogue.  Has the stuffies.  Wants the costume for Christmas.  Has an amulet and tiara.  And she hated this game.My daughter's  complaints:*  The game is boring.*  The bracelet feels weird and in the show Sophia wears nothing like this bracelet.*  The charms are hard to hang from the bracelet.*  You can't really tell what most of the charms are.*  There are too many windows.*  There is nothing in the game that actually has Princess Sophia on it.*  The hider doesn't get to be a character so is no fun at all.*  Did she mention it was boring?So no stars from the resident Sophia Fan and Two from her mother.
After playing Zombicide andZombicide Season 2: Prison Outbreaka few times, I'm sorry to say I have to give it two stars (which on Amazon means "I don't like it" very much).There is no doubt that the minis are awesome, and the fact that it is co-op is a major plus. I also liked this zombie mechanic better than the Last Night on Earth zombie mechanic (i.e., Zombicide zombies are dumb and move/attack using a predetermined algorithm, where as LNoE zombies seemed pretty resourceful and strategic given all the cards they can play to mess with the survivors).Unfortunately, there were many things I also disliked. For example:(1) The targeting priority system does not make any sense to me. It is crazy that you have to attack other survivors first -- especially without a save. And, why would I attack the lowest threat zombie when there is a higher threat zombie standing right next to it? I wouldn't, but the game makes me!(2) It is very easy to run out of zombies, which gives those zombies you run out of an extra activation (an effect that is cumulative, and makes the game harder still). I have yet to play a game where we don't run out of one or more types of zombies on a regular basis.(3) Some of the zombies are very hard or nearly impossible to kill. In fact, just about the only way to kill the abominations is with a Molotov cocktail (of which there are only 2, and they are very hard to make as you have to find a glass bottle and gas card first, and make sure the same person has both of these cards).(4) Survivors die way to easily. Lots of people house rule this, but I would very much have preferred the survivors to have a fighting chance to begin with. And, there are not lots of ways heal in this version (so, once you take a wound it's hard to get rid of it... which is pretty bad since you only need two wounds to die).(5) The game is very random and requires very little skill (in fact, most of the decisions are very obvious). The zombies you draw are random, the equipment cards you draw are random (which is problematic since many of them are also useless), and while the zombies always hit, survivors must roll a D6 to see if they hit. And, as mentioned above, you cannot always chose what zombie you attack and are sometimes forced to attack a survivor before a zombie.On the one hand all this means it really has a chaotic zombie apocalypse feel to it (we all know the odds are against you in a zombie apocalypse). And, given that the game is so popular in general, the above issues are obviously not a big problem to many (and I mean no disrespect to those who love the game by saying any of this). On the other hand they made the game a bit boring since it doesn't involve much strategy and there is not much you can do besides search for better items that increases your chance of successful attack vs. a zombie you may not want to attack anyway. In short, the game just sort of happens to you and there isn't much you can do about it except try (and often fail) to hold out as long as possible. Which wasn't very appealing to me.
I chose this kit for my two oldest daughters, ages 7 and 8, who enjoy making perfume out of body wash, water and flowers.  This is what they have to say...My 8 year old: I'd like to start off by saying that when you open the set they give you a clear eyedropper.  However, the perfume oil is a little bit hard to get into the eyedropper.  And, sometimes when you are measuring it out, 2-3 drops come out at a time.  It's hard to control and sometimes you come out with a totally different scent than you intended.  The perfume that is supposed to smell like flowers smells like stems and Mom doesn't think that it smells very good.  The oils are hard to get off your hands.  Your hands stay greasy even after you wash them with soap and water.  Overall I think that it is sort of a good set.My 7 year old: The scents didn't smell that good.  When you mix your own scent, rather than follow a recipe, it's even worse.  The one that I made smelled like a sharpie. Your hands get greasy when you touch the things.  And it is not easy to use.Mom's opinion:  This set looks like fun.  However, it is very messy.  The bottles get greasy because it is hard for children to be precise with the droppers.  The scents are not very pleasant either.  I think they're better off making perfumes with bath soaps, water and flowers, like they usually do!Final verdict:  My 8 year old would not recommend to her friends because they would be disappointed because the scents do not smell good and they would get bored.  My 7 year old would recommend it to her friends because it is really fun.  I would not recommend this either.  It's rather messy and the scented oils don't smell great.
We received this as an impromptu gift from Grandma. Let's start with the directions... or rather the lack thereof... the directions that came with this loom were so unclear and unhelpful that we did what everyone else does... go to youtube and watch a couple of how-to videos. Well that's when we realized this is the knockoff. This loom is different from the original Rainbow Loom. The Rainbow Loom has the center row off-set. This loom has the three rows exactly the same. Think of a Tic tac toe board. They go straight across. There are also no "arrows" like on the Rainbow Loom. The directions that came with this told us to hook the bands straight up one row... and then what??? The videos on youtube clearly had the bands going zig-zagging. So we tried to zig zag as best we could with this loom.  Quite difficult to do since the rows are not off-set like the original loom. So the bands were stretched to their fullest... but we did not get any breaking like the other reviewer.  But because we zig-zagged, this made the row shorter and the bracelet is not as long as it would have been with the original Rainbow Loom. Yes, we got it... or rather Grandma got it after re-watching the youtube video about 5 times. (Wait 'til I tell my husband that we got his mother to use youtube!) Now she's going to see if she can show my 8 year old daughter how to do it herself tomorrow morning (Mommy wasn't watching closely enough since I was in the middle of something else).  But this will be just a temporary thing for us.  Grandma had bought two of these looms (one for each daughter). After today, the decision was to return the unopened one and go to Michaels and purchase the REAL Rainbow Loom and the girls will share.Oh, and another difference was that this kit came with only 1 "c" hook... and about 30 hooks that I would call "s" hooks... hmmmmm.The only nice thing about this loom was that it did come with six charms to add onto the bracelets. We didn't have any issues with the bands like the other reviewer had.***************UPDATE 11/4/2013***************Please note that I did change my review from 1 star to 2 stars.Okay, I still stand by my review that this loom stinks.  However, I did want to point out that my daughter (8.5 yrs, 3rd grade) started bringing her loom in to school so she could make bracelets, etc. at recess with the other kids.  In doing so, one of the girls at recess was able to MOVE the center row by taking the purple pieces at the bottom off, moving the row, and then putting the purple pieces back on... to be honest, I really don't know how.  When I tried to do it, I felt I wasn't strong enough (or talented enough) to do so... and couldn't. My daughter tried it at home too without success... but this one kid was able to do it. When I asked my daughter HOW, she replied that she just "pulled hard".  We chalked it up to the fact that maybe the kid was pretty strong (and persistent) b/c I still can't do it.So now that you CAN move the pegs to make it look like the "real" one, it's not so bad. By the time we figured out that the pegs could be moved, my daughter had received a new "real" Rainbow Loom from Grandma in the mail.  So she mostly uses the real Rainbow Loom but sometimes uses this Loom too.  This one still makes smaller bracelets though... even when you move the center row. I'm not sure why & I really don't feel like figuring out why either... just glad I didn't waste MY money on this one even though it was probably cheaper. But it is nice to have a back-up Loom for when two kids want to work on the Loom and the other kid doesn't have one.As a result of now knowing that you can move the pegs, I did change it from 1 star to 2 stars... but it's still stinky just for the fact that it is soooooo difficult to do so. And it still makes smaller bracelets. And some of the rubber bands do break (but they are not horrible).  I still like the real "Rainbow Loom" much better.
We received one as a gift and it stopped closing after being used (loaded, opened, shot, closed) twice.  We received from a second one from Amazon and were exceedingly careful but in about a day, the feature which closes the shooting function stopped working -- again -- so now it just sits open.  So while you can still load the bullets and shoot, they aim more to the side and the function that closes the shooting element so you have a flat shield no longer works on either of them.  Really, don't waste you money.  It's an interesting concept but it is a design fail.  My husband even took one apart hoping to fix the mechanism but so far, he couldn't fix it.  Not worth the money!! Buyer beware!
Takes too long to put up, falls apart too easily.  Just a failed design.  Glue it together and display it, is about all I can say.
The colors are very nice on these bands, but oh my Lord they stink!  Not so much one at a time, but definitely all together in the bag or in a rubber band organizer.  I will say that several of the bands we received were broken.  And they seem to break easily.  Not the best quality, but not the worst I've seen, either.
This is NOT and official rainbow loom box as it says nothing about Rainbow Loom anywhere on the box. The real rainbow loom does not even fit in this box properly. This is a cheap knock off from China that is worth $5 at best,.
Everything works perfect with the product itself. The only thing I didn't like is the material catches a lot of lint and hair which I find irritating.
I boughgt this thinking it was extras to go with the track but upon getting the box, I have no idea what in the world it is so I don't think it will go with anything.  Did not give this to my grandson, plan on sending this back; tired of wasting my money at Amazon because they don't give good details about products.  THAT IS CALLED DECEPTIVE SALESMANSHIP!
My kids (7, 6, 4, 2, and 10 months) were super excited about this toy. As I waged war against the packaging, they stood ready to pounce on it as soon as it was freed. It took so long, a few of them wandered off before freedom was actually achieved. It was far too complicated for the 2 year old to understand. He simply kept the shield closed and yelled &#34;Bam!&#34; That was the happiest any of them have been with this toy. Once the 4 and 6 year olds could get their hands on it and pull one end to open the gun then squeeze the other end to fire the gun, the fun ended and the screaming and &#34;I hate this toy!&#34; began. First, it takes almost adult strength and dexterity to pull the thing open. The yankings of a 4 and 6 year old quickly broke the mechanism that flips the gun part around toward the front. It is also ridiculously difficult, even for me, to get those guns back down into the shield. They darts are under Nerf quality. Though they are Nerf style and size, so easily replaceable. But the gun only worked for a few days before it bit the dust. Now, it is just a shield. Save yourself the trouble and just get a shield without the gun to begin with. The design is awful. It just isn't built to withstand any amount of kid use.
This toy from my well grown children's childhood has been resurrected, but in a much more flimsy body.Got 2 for Christmas, and 1 already not functioning. Ahhh quality...where have you gone?????
This game was not fun at all. The boys could not wait to try this out. We played both of the games and tried to make some sense of it all. Some parts of the game was fun to do. launching figures. but other then that this was not that much fun. this will be sitting in the bottom on the toy box.
The Princess Sofia Royal Prep Academy Board Game gets off to a good start.  The box looks nice enough and the Royal Prep Academy inside, though tedious to construct, looks great when completed.  The bracelet and charms were a big hit with my 3 year old, despite not really having anything to do with the show.  Once we got to the instructions, things went sharply downhill.The instructions are written poorly, perhaps to purposely distract the end user from realizing that there is hardly any point to playing this game.  The basic mechanics are one person (the hider) draws a tile and hides a charm or a character behind a window and the other person (the seeker aka Sofia) flicks a spinner and gets 1 or more chances to peek into a window of the Royal Prep Academy.  Nothing is hidden at the start, so initially your 3 year old will have to get very lucky to find something.  You probably won't make it long enough for their chances at finding something to improve too much.  My 3 year old got bored of the game and we have not revisited the experience.  I would not recommend this game regardless of age or how much your kid likes Sofia the First.  Instead I would recommendFly and Go Seek Game
I picked this set up for the little Joker toolset that is in a baggie taped to the bottom of the package of the figures. They are perfect for the scrapbook page I am making for my dad. My dad is a self-employed night television repairman. Every night he drives around in his van neighborhoods looking for television service calls. Often times when the people are not home and unable to pay him in cash, they offer up other items of value like electronics or jewelry in exchange for his services.This one time, he brought me home a really cool binary code watch. I started to speak in binary code at school, but I got beat up a few times by different girls, so I stopped.My real gripe with this boxed set is having to buy the figures just for a few tools.Granted, the Captain Cold ice hand variant is (ahem) kinda "cool", but other than that, the figures just do not do anything for me especially, the Black Cat.
I had high hopes for this. Mega Bloks and Barbie seem like a great combination, but this is a disaster!When you open the box, be prepared for A LOT of SMALL pieces! I had a piece fly across the room and thought I had good eye sight and had a hard time finding it because it was so small. I figured since it was raining outside I would build this with my daughter. I grew up in Germany as a child and just about every week we built these very small Legos toys when we went out shopping. I figured it might create a memory like that. Oh no, not close. The pieces are way too small. I have tiny hands and fingers and can pick up small things and maneuver my hands in places where things get stuck but I had a hard time holding the pieces and putting them together. I was trying to build it for my daughter but she lost interest after seeing my frustration.I sadly cannot recommend this toy. If you ever had a Kinder egg and know how small the pieces are inside the egg, this is similar. Kinder eggs were banned due to that as well. Also the box is a decent size but the contents only take up about 20% of it. I felt like I was getting a toy at the bottom of a cereal box.I am sorry to be so negative about an item but how small the parts were shocked me. Every time I tried to build the Barbie, which you can barely call her that because she is SO small, her hair would fall off because the part is so small. Sorry to say, I cannot recommend this and hope you save yourself the frustration it brought me.
I expected this to be a pod-like Angry Bird that would go with theMatch Box Angry Birds track set that I bought my grandson as a gift.  NO WAY!!!  I was charged $20 for something about the size of a charm that is on my charm bracelet!  THIS EXPEMSIVE RIP OFF IS GOING BACK BEFORE THEIE PUPPY OR THE 4 YEAR OLD SWALLOWS IT!!!!  Complete rip off and totally misconstrued what you were selling - due to lack of ifo and no one to help!
My 9 year old daughter received this scooter for Christmas last year, though she barely used it until August 2013.  It is now November 2013 and we feel we can give a truly realistic review of the scooter.  Our daughter uses this to get to school. She rides a total of 2 miles total. She does not do stunts, she just scoots along on sidewalk. Keep that in mind for wear & tear.Yes it looks nice; she loves pink.  The audio system is truly cool and works great.  But, it is held on the T bar with Velcro, so someone could swipe it easy! Better yet, you can put it on ANY scooter or even possibly a bicycle.It is adjustable and is a good height for our 9 year old girl, who is very tall for her age, but at this point she will outgrow it in a year or less.  That's fine too.Here are the issues with this scooter.  1. The deck is almost all plastic.  In less than three months it shows lots of scratches and wear.  2. Grips are poor quality. Originally it began to give her blisters. It also quickly went from pink to gray.  Upgrade to UDI, so I've been told. 3. the lock mechanism to keep the T bar straight easily loosens so while she is riding it becomes crooked.  dangerous!!!  Same with the height bar lock. Loosens all the time.  4. MOST IMPORTANT: the 'so called' breaking mechanism is a thin piece of white plastic! It snapped off while she was breaking after 2 months of use.  When I examined it i was so surprised to see how thin it was where it is attached to the deck.  No good!We are getting her a new scooter.It does not have the stamina for the price, comparable to others out there.
It's a cute toy, but not what I expected. I thought the cards would slide all the way in but they only go in a little and don't even really read what is on the card just a short version of it, a little more than I would have spent for what it was. Also the necklace broke and we didn't even have it out for a whole day, being sent back.
I ordered two of these because I wanted to give one of them as a birthday gift to a friends child but you can't really give them as a gift because they are just basically in a plastic bag. They are also cheaply made and I would be too afraid to give them as a present, since I would be worried the magnet would fall out and a kid could swallow them. The magnet also sticks out on some of them so it looks a little weird when you stick them on the fridge. All in all you get what you paid for I suppose.
Toystate's Road Rippers R/C Rush and Rescue:  Fire Ladder Truck is sort of a so-so toy.  It has its pluses, it is durable, and it is loud, which are two good qualities, but it has short, repeating sound that is sure to agitate even the most patient parent after 20 minutes.  Additionally, some of the stickers that control the functions (sounds, buzzers and bells, and wheels) started coming off after a few uses.  It will only turn one way, to the right, and only turn that way if you are using the remote control to make it go backwards.  It will easily run over a slick wooden floor or carpet, but after 15-18 feet, the vehicle is out of range of the remote, and this was with new alkaline batteries.This is a toy that would get boring for a child over three, and even those under three might not enjoy it for very long.Personally, I would only give it to a child whose parents I wanted to annoy.
A great idea/concept but has some flaws. I will cover the highs and lows below.+ Fun colors and the ability to &#34;slam&#34; answers for fun.+ Different Games extend game play time and create more interest instead of a single mode.(That is why there is two stars)(Here is why it failed to earn 3, 4 or 5 stars)- Targets 8+ year old students but fails to test 10s, 11s or 12s. These are core to learning at this level and they are the real challenge for most students. What good is a quiz machine that fails to improve the hardest items at that age? Seems like this should be more of a 6-8 year old product, not 8+ years. This is a BIG DEAL for me.- Size & Build Quality: This is much smaller than you would expect--the second you see the retail box you will be saying &#34;Really? Is that all it is?&#34; It needs to be larger for the price that they are trying to get. The build quality feels like a prototype--cheap plastic, less than impressive retail box, poor sounds and a decently alarming defect rate among reviewers. Honestly while my unit didn't break during use, it would not have surprised me at all and the other reviews back that concern up. Even the buttons are less responsive than you would expect so you feel like you NEED to slam them down to get them to register.It seems like 10-20 of these should have been made and then actual consumers with children the target age brought in to test them to work out these issues before production. I would have been shocked if some of these points weren't raised by the first few people testing them.If this review helped you, please let me know. :)
Warning, cut the neckstrap (cord) off of this. My 5 year old grandson was playing with this shortly after Christmas and the neckstrap did not break away, instead he has a at least a 4 inch welt on his neck from it cutting into his neck, he was rolling around and playing on the floor and the strap cut into his neck and left the welt.I think this is a serious enough danger that it needs to be looked further into, as this toy is marketed for children as young as 3 years old, and my grandson is almost age 6 and was still hurt by it. I feel that we were lucky because someone was right in the room with my grandson, but this could be a dangerous toy if a younger child was playing with it and was not right in front of a caregiver/family member.I have emailed the manufacturer of the toy and will be filling out a CPSC incident form as it occurred to me just how easy it could be for a minor incident like my grandson suffered to turn into a tragedy for a child.Original review:I know comfortable might be an unusual concept to attribute to a pair of binoculars, but the soft rubbery "cushion" around the eye piece is just that. My five year old grandson just loves these, easy for him to use by himself to explore the world around him. However, as a reviewer, I thought I should actually try the product myself to get a better idea of the function and practicality of the item. I usually do not like using binoculars, as it is difficult for me to comfortably look through them while wearing my strong prescription glasses, but the cushion actually made these comfortable for me to use.
oh Hasbro....I still remember how dissapointed I was back in 2006 to hear that Hasbro was getting the Marvel license and toybiz would no longer be producing the most LEGENDARY action figure line of all time...and this figure does nothing but unearth those felings of dissapointment.Hasbro keeps on trying and trying to make a good Iron Man figure but they just cant get it right...well, I should be more clear, they just CAN'T GET THE SCALE RIGHT! at all!  its horrible, makes me wonder if the Hasbro design team has rulers in their offices...this figure is grossly underscaled, Iron man should be a bit taller than all the human characters because duh -he's a dude in a thick ARMORED suit..this might be the smallest Iron Man figure ever made and they try to pass it off as a 6" figure...total dissapointment, total recession fail..smaller than bucky cap, smaller than peanut headed silver savage, smaller than all who stand next to him..oh yeha, he's even smaller than the Extrmeis Iron Man, i didnt think it would ever get that small in the first placeclearly there is a reason this figure is cheaper than all the others in the wave, clearly there is a reason he's the only one left hanging on the target store peg...its because he's small and none of us 6" collectors want to keep microsizing our armories.....maybe next time Hasbro, maybe next time........
My toddler loves to draw, so I was very excited about this toy and hoped that it would live up to my expectations.  It does have a lighted background which she can change between colors and it will play child-friendly music, but it is a terrible drawing toy.  The surface of the pad is a gel-filled tablet and you can squish shapes into it with either your fingers or the provided stylus.  Unfortunately, the gel seems to move rather freely so that once you have pressed a line into place, the gel oozes back over it almost immediately.The only way we managed to get any drawings to stay on the board for any length of time was drawing on it when it happened to get let in a rather chilly room overnight.  The next morning, simple drawings with widely spaced lines would stay visible for longer periods of time.  But I'm sure prolonged exposure to the cold would ruin the electronics inside.The toddler likes to scribble on it, but seems to get frustrated that her pictures disappear and often ends up abandoning it in favor of traditional crayons and paper.
The Mom's point of view:The Good: Colorful and quiet.  Cute idea.The Not so Good: I'm not sure if I'm missing something with the 4 and 5 star reviews of this product.  I personally don't feel this toy is well made at all.  The plane feature is very cute, but it can only rotate about 45 degrees before the character falls out (as it rotates on an incline).  The trap door does not work well on the product I received.  You have to practically force the characters through the top and then they get stuck in the side door.  Once successfully out of the side door, the figures land on the platform of the slide and don't go down unless you give them a push.  The teeter totter and table and chairs are adorable and a good idea in theory, but not in practice. The small figures of Minnie and Mickey seem slightly too large for the furniture.The Two-Year-Old's Experience:My daughter saw the toy already assembled in her play area and immediately went to it.  She fiddled around with the different features, but got bored quickly.  I observed her frustration with the sticking parts of the trap and side doors, the wonky slide, as well as the tilting plane that tossed the figures out of their seat.  She liked the toy better in parts rather than the whole.  The plane can be removed from the contraption and she enjoys carrying around the Minnie and Mickey figures.Summary:  NOT worth the near $30 retail price.  You're paying for the name of Fisher Price and Disney.  Better to just buy the figures alone and have done with it.
I remember having this game when I was a kid and it seemed to be much more durable back then.  I ordered this for my nearly 4 year old daughter because I thought she'd have a fun time playing with it.  The game itself is still fun but I found a few issues:1) game doesn't sit flat on the table - plastic is thin and warped2) you have to snap the hippos into the square board.  I could see these getting broken easily and they don't exactly fit snugly anyway.  The hippo mouths keep getting stuck open or pushed out (won't spring back after gobbling the marbles).3) the &#34;marbles&#34; are very cheap, lightweight plastic.  Back in the 'olden days,' the marbles may have been plastic but they were a more dense, heavy plastic at least!So I'm kind of torn.  I have good memories of the game and my daughter does still like this but I am disappointed in the quality and feel that it will end up broken / unusable sooner rather than later.
for the little cousins into star wars, if you find this cheap then jump on itif not, its not worth it
Last year I had the opportunity to review the original InnoTab, so I was eager to see if they had greatly improved things this year with the InnoTab 2S.  My kids always love playing with my iPad, so the idea of a little tablet with some kids games that I didn't have to monitor was quite appealing.  I was not pleased with the InnoTab overall, but I had high hopes for the InnoTab 2S.  The InnoTab 2S has many improvements over the InnoTab, but also has taken a big step backwards.The first thing I noticed is that the new InnoTab is smaller.  It still has a kick-stand on the back and a stylus sleeve, but there is now a hole in the stylus and a small attach point for a string to hold the stylus.  Oddly enough, InnoTab doesn't give you the string, so you need to get one yourself.  There is also now a camera on the top that pivots for both self portraits and photos of other people and a microphone for recording sound.The InnoTab 2S is still a USB device controlled by software you install on your PC, but it now has WiFi for downloading apps.  This permits your child to "shop" in the online store, put apps on a wish list, and then allows the parent to buy them later.  The act of your child shopping sends you an e-mail with their "wishes".  Sadly, the WiFi interface didn't work with my home network since I don't have SSID broadcast turned on.  Even entering the name manually like I do on my iPad would not work, so I had to adjust my security settings down for the InnoTab to work.Once I turned it on, I was also surprised because normally new hardware runs faster, but this one runs slower.  For the original InnoTab, it tooks 16 seconds to get to the login screen and a total of 42 seconds to get through both power-up and login.  The new InnoTab 2S takes 33 seconds to get to the login screen and 49 seconds to go from off to the home screen.  Pathetic!  This is for a little kid who will get impatient and mash the power button wondering why it won't turn on.  Why can't they implement a sleep mode or similar?  Taking almost a minute to turn on just is not acceptable today.I was also hoping that there would be some improvement to the actual device games itself, but they are still fairly low resolution and slow.  Most of them are not very educational, and repeat the same basic tasks over and over.  A few accelerometer based games are fun, as are the silly camera applications.  My kids had a great time playing with them, but there is a limit to what you can do with the device.  My kids tried one of the eBooks that came with the tablet (there is a free cartridge included), but navigation was hard because the interface was so slow.  This screen seems less sensitive to a finger than the original, so you really need the stylus.  Many times my kids were not sure if they had clicked a button and it was "thinking", or if their click had not registered.  Sometimes it took several taps with the stylus for anything to happen.  It was a frustrating experience compounded by the fact they still play with the InnoTab 1 and that one runs faster!Let's talk cost of ownership.  The InnoTab 2S costs $100.  InnoTab rechargeable batteries plus AC adapter will set you back $30.  Add another $20 for an SD card (not included).  You're up to $150 when you can get a Kindle Fire for $159.  Each game cartridge is $25 and the downloadable apps range in price from $3-$7.  In other words, you can hit $200 really quickly.  But $200 will get you a Kindle Fire HD which comes with rechargeable batteries, more memory, far more free apps, and many apps that cost $1 (and turns on in a second).My conclusion?  I received this to evaluate, but I can't see myself wanting to even spend an additional $25 for a game cartridge when I know I can get better games on an inexpensive Android tablet that will run faster and smoother (and for less money).  The only advantage of the InnoTab is durability, but other than that, I can't really recommend this device in today's world of inexpensive real tablets.  The low quality applications and limited capabilities might have warranted 3-4 stars if the device weren't so mind-numbingly slow.  Every button you click requires a 10-15 second lag while it loads the next screen.  This hardware is well past its expiration date.  The durable plastic shell and form factor are great, but InnoTab needs to update their processor to make a kids tablet to compete in the modern world.
I bought this for my two year old and it just does seem like a quality easy to use item. She prefers my ipad and it is easier for her to use.  I thought being Vtech it would be a great gift.
This action toy was hard to put together and held little interest for a toddler.  Although the small airplane that comes with the set is nicely done and a good size for pretending to make it fly. Older kids may enjoy this more than little ones even if they are interested in airplanes.
When I took these out of the box I was amazed at the cheapness of the plastic.  It felt like I was holding a breakable, fragile item.  I know some reviewers said this is a durable camera.  I have to say I think that's impossible.  The eye area is obviously like a view finder, which is great for little kids, but it also gives a weird effect of looking at your subject and clicking the camera, it's just very odd.  These are going back. I don't think they will last more than a month in a young child's hands.. it just feels SO CHEAP.  Good luck with it.  On a positive note, it has little built in games and picture effects and it can record like a video camera too, with a small amount of built in memory.  That's nice to have.
I got this for my 5 yr old Grandson, that has a couple of Transformers at home.This one was a waste of time , as the instructions are small drawings on a piece of paper, whichdid not give any directions how to put together. The pictures  where light in color and it was hardto tell what fit together and what did not!!After trying to hook on the shield and a couple of cheap plastic parts, it was not much fun. One of the plastic parts wouldnot even hook in together.As far as making the truck and other fun things,  this is suppose to do,  they would not come together.It was hard to figure this out!When my older grandkids came over, they even thought itwas frustrating !This Beast Hunter Transformer got thrown  in the big box and put away.Maybe in another year he might like it..As for now, NO..I gave it a two star for the work and colors that went into this toy!Very disappointed.
This was the first figure I eyeballed and said, "Yep" to the whole line. Then, the diasppointments ensued.  First, I found out this is not Krang from the old cartoon. It is the Kraang from the comic series. An army of this suckers exist. And here I thought it was just one character. Not a big letdown. Wouldn't even be mentionable if not for the things to come. First, its the first figure I opened and found out there was no knee and ankle articulation. Weak. But I had convinced myself it was still really cool looking. And it is. But then I noticed one foot is cocked 45 degrees north. That is unforgivable. This thing is ackward to stand. I can imagine kids playing with these and all the Kraang are laying face down in the dirt during a giant battle. Uhhhhhh.....And the bag over the head and punch in the face move came next. I pulled the brain out of the suit and one of his arms was half off. And the worst thing is he is so shortpacked I cannot exchange him. A little glue will solve it, but still that is pretty lame. You know what, I was going to be merciful and give this figure a 2 star but forget it.  The only thing cool about it is the robot and the guns. And even one of them looks backwards. Award for the biggest disappointment of the line. Only buy it if you are completing the set. Heck, I didn't even give April 1 star.......
My four-year old daughter and her three-year old friend had a lot of fun with this the first day... unfortunately, it began breaking down on the second day of use. Plane would not stay in the harness and one of the curved sections kept popping loose, causing the plane to fly off the track.Also, it's marketed as a 'race' set, but only includes one plane? The plane itself is much nicer then the rest of the set and will likely last far longer.
My 6 year old was so excited to be able to play with this!  That lasted for all of a half hour.  It isn't easy for little hands to push the car down hard enough and long enough to charge it and as soon as you try to put it on the floor it speeds off and gets stuck under anything that's raised up off the floor.We have almost all laminate flooring so it goes quickly in any room, it does bounce off of walls or other things that it runs into but if you have furniture that's not flat on the ground it's quite easy to lose the car.  The only place my little guy can play without losing the car is in the hallway with bedroom doors closed!  Not a ton of fun, really.
I also apparently received a defective item.  As another reviewer described, the helicopter would not respond to the controller at all.  There was never any movement by the helicopter's rotors.  It was charged properly, and batteries were installed in the remote.  One thing I noticed is that the manual discussed setting the Band Selector on the remote and the helicopter to the same setting.  While there is a switch on the remote marked A,B,C, there is no corresponding switch on the helicopter.  This is disappointing because my daughter received a Syma rc helicopter for Christmas and was looking forward to comparing it with this one.  In any event, I cannot recommend this product.
This was an christmas present! Huge disappointment I'm really surprised to see so many good reviews. One of those toys both kids said over and over again they want, so I gave in and bought it. It doesn't stay together at all. All I did was build rebuild and built it about 3 more times.  Very frustrating. Finally we used the balloon for balloon volley ball.
I was really excited about this product, as Pictionary is one of my all-time favorite party games.  This was a disappointment on so many levels.First, there is no storage box.  It comes with a frame, a frame stand, a timer, and a marker.  And a dice, which got lost in no time.  The &#34;frame&#34; itself is about the size of a sheet of paper (8&#34; by 10&#34;), and it is clear, so you can see through it. The small size makes it ideal for  travel or a backpack, but the fact that it is clear makes it difficult to see when holding it on your lap.  And forget about using it on the black coffee table.  It works much better when used flat, on a light background surface.  I like that you can use the frame as a window, so the see-through feature may be useful one at a time.  It's pretty much impossible for two people to write on opposite sides of  the board at the same time.  Honestly it is pretty much for anyone to write on the board when it is in the stand, which keeps the board vertical.We like to use large dry-erase boards when we pay Pictionary.  I would recommend that rather than this game.  The frame might be fun to draw on once in a while -- but shy not get a small whiteboard, which is much better suited for the purpose?
VERY disappointed with this toy. My daughter got this for her birthday and she was very disappointed with it also. Falls apart while playing with it. Rollercoaster car falls off. You have to hold the car and push it around on the track. Poorly assembled and the price is ridiculously high. Going to try to return this, but don't have the box.
I got this on the chance tht it might help my 2 year old with some of his delayed motor skills (he's closer to about a 18 months, developmentally.  And I hate it.  I just hate it.It's loud.  And noisy.  And my son couldn't be less interested.  I put him on it, and he seemed slightly entertained when the music was on, but after it timed out, he just wanted off.But the real reason I hate it is that it does entirely too much for entirely too little.  Developmentally, I'm told that's what is best are toys that you have to actually interact with in order to make them do things.  This toy just doesn't.  It doesn't seem to respond to the rocking, and even if it did, you could just push it and get the same effect -- no advance skills needed.  And you rock it or hit a button just once - just once - and you get an entire music and light show that seemed to go on - to my mind, at least - FOREVER.Yeah, I dislike this toy.  A lot.  Not particularly educational, and too loud for me to want around.  It's in a corner of our den, until I figure out how to best recycle the thing.
Honestly, this is not interesting and it doesn't do much. Then again my daughter has no interest in pretending to play a guitar.
This was not at all what I was expecting. I thought it might allow a young child to hit the keys and get a single note reaction. Instead, this can be bumped, tapped or any sort of movement and set of to play a series of tunes or notes that make no sense. My seven-month-old finds the stick more entertaining then the plush xylophone part - mostly because she can easily naw on the stick thingy and the fact that the music played isn't very interesting.There are three lights on the top where the xylophone keys are - so the fact that they don't correspond with the keys drove me crazy. I was disappointed that this wasn't so plush version or a xylophone but a silly noisy toy that didn't even play entertaining music.
The ahem &#34;BAF&#34; Rocket was better. This has poorer articulation somehow and while it includes the &#34;BIG&#34; BAF piece, this should have been an accessory to another character.FUnny thing is, Toy Biz made GREAT Hobbits(Tiny characters for LOTR) articulated so rocket seems like a Hasbro cop-out on the side of cheapness.TWO STARS because poorly executed, but heck the gun that goes with Star Lord was nice to have included with Rocket..
I guess I didn't really know what this product would be when I selected it, but I was sure disappointed when we opened it.  There are four tubes of "Deco Pop" (basically, Play-doh in a tube) that are perhaps slightly larger than lipstick tubes.  When you remove the caps, each tube has a small opening.  There is a "styler" that looks vaguely like a hot glue gun.  You put the Deco Pop tube in the styler, push the trigger, which pushes the base of the Deco Pop tube, which in turn extrudes the colored dough.The dough is meant to be extruded onto the picture frame pieces included in the set (there are about five separate pieces).  There are color coded dotted lines, curly-cues, flowers and other designs that your child is supposed to follow, so there is zero creativity involved.  Extruding the dough over all the lines will take your child about 15 minutes.  Then they can assemble it into a picture frame.  The dough is supposed to harden on the cardboard picture frame for permanent use.  Done.  Fun is over (unless, of course, you want to spring for more Deco Pop tubes, but for the price of this 15 minutes of fun, it's not something I'd recommend).The only good thing for me is that I didn't spend my own money on this.  I recommend that you not spend yours either.
That's not easy to review this version of Draculaura.On one side, I appreciate the new hairstyle and the different hair coloring. She comes with her signature cute bangs and with high tied softly curled pigtails. The upper layer of her bangs is full pink and so are the streaks in her pigtails, but that's a candy pink that looks a little different from the usual hot pink we are used to see in Draculaura's hair. I might say I could have bought this version of her just for her hairstyle.On the other side, both her pigtails, and especially her bangs, are styled with a product that makes them quite hard and stiff at touch. Luckily, it easily comes off with a comb, even on the bangs, and the hairstyle still stays on. But on my doll the product used on her bangs has left a noticeable stain in the middle of her forehead, both under the limit of the bangs themselves and in the middle of the forehead since the bangs came parted in the middle.Moreover, the bangs and the pigtails are not carefully tied or cut, and you can notice many flaws in several spots of her head.I like her brownish bronze eyeshadow, that looks different from previous models. Her lips are a hot bold cherry pink.The heart on her cheeck looks less detailed than the other releases being a solid color, the same of her lips, and without the usual outline.About her swimsuit, it might be a matter of personal taste, but I dislike the fluorescent colors that really look too bright and flashy to me. Still, I think the clear plastic belt bow is a cute detail.Her towel print looks a little different from her swimsuit and I appreciate they look quite different but still matching, both printed with bats and hearts on black and white background, but I think it had been to be made of a different fabric to really resemble a towel.Her vampire themed bag and bat shaped sunglasses both look quite cute and stylish.She also comes with a sun protection bottle that's a funny detail for a vampire. I think this one is the same that came with the Gloom Beach Draculaura, just a different color.Her shoes are a recycled mold from the Sweet 1600 Draculaura doll. They are maybe my favorite shoes in that model, because of the detailed shape and painting, but I wonder how are they supposed to match a beach outfit. Moreover in this version they are not painted as the detailed shape would suggest, so they really look like an uninspired recycled detail.After the very detailed swimsuit we saw in Gloom Beach Draculaura, and the cute sailor theme we saw in Skull Shore Draculaura, I think this is the worse beach themed version of her.This set even came without a title, and the logo is partially recycled from the previous themed beach sets graphics.There's a cute detail in the inner box though: a shark showing among the waves, that's mostly hidden behind the towel.Anyway, she's a good choice for redressing purpose because of her different hairstyle.By the way, my doll came without fangs and I like it, since that's a different detail from usual, but I think this shows how the quality control on this product has been very low and not careful as it should have been.I saw her with her fangs in some toy shops here in Italy, so I can confirm she comes both without and with fangs.In the next days I'll upload some photos to show the flaws of the doll I got.
The concept is cool, but the little characters fell off their little holder inside the globe, and now they're floating around. Also, the big globe is leaking and was very hard to plug,. (Could be user error, not sure). And worst part is the holder allows like 10 little globes with those sticks, (which there are only 2 of, not Four). and there are only 4 globes. Leaving 6 openings for me to have to go buy more! :(
Let me start out by saying I am of the shrinky-dink generation - and puffy paint - and paper mache masks using white glue and newspapers (or globes using a balloon if you want to get fancy). I would like to believe that I am somewhat able to succeed at a kid craft especially when under the direction of a cool-under pressure able-to-whittle 9 year old, but I failed at this - mostly because I found it frustrating. The offspring persevered and was rewarded with some color swirl blobs pierced through the center and placed on the Peacock stand alongside my puce colored beauties. They had lovely puce color variations within though.Getting started:1) The Peacock stand was assembled by the offspring in about 45 seconds sans instructions. It was simple and keeps the bead holes open while they dry. I have no complaints about the Peacock stand aside from the fact it is now adorning my dining room buffet alongside her mantids and their required fruit flies. So yes, keep in mind this requires drying and space for drying...and may end up living in space you did not intend to populate with kid stuff.2) The roller apparatus is preassembled. We were up and running in under 5 minutes. We are girls who appreciate instant gratification and were happy with unpacking and mostly lack of extra packing materials (although I wish they used reclosable bags for the supplies)3) Kit components include pink, blue, yellow, and purple clay, some pendant holders, clay punches, a device for hole poking, plastic clunky bracelet clasps, elastic and string (I am not clearly not employed in marketing).4) The instructions are... minimal... and clearly supposed to be written for the offspring's benefit (about a 3rd grade reading level, laid out fairly nicely) except they bounce around a lot (e.g. if you are making a swirl bead do steps 1-2 for regular beads, then swirl, then repeat steps 3-4...) - flattening position versus rolling position could have used a picture for the younger crowd. No instructions for round (obvious) and square (obvious enough for us, but maybe not for a younger child?) beads. A couple ok project ideas.5) I like the clay. It is vibrant and soft; it is not so messy or crumbly (just be aware of the "may permanently stain!" warning when choosing location).Making stuff:1) We decided by committee that the pendants were clunky. Most of this decision arrived from why do you have to flatten with the roller then smoosh it in the pendant holder. Pointless - and clunky. We did not like clunky. However, these are easy enough to make, but remember there are only a few.2) Onto beads: 1) choose 2 colors 2) Use hole in crank arm of roller to size the pieces 3) roll the pieces and align them 4) turn roller to standing position 5) insert clay in back and crank away from you 6) put roller flat 7) put flattened clay in back and roll out - in theory the flattened piece will hit the bottom roller, push against it and coil.... which brings us to 8) take flattened coil out, repeat 7, repeat 8...  9) eventually put pressure on bottom roller have some success albeit with now puce clay 10) realize pressure did not work and manually start coils 11) realize it was easier (and less error/offset coils) to just roll by hand. 12) punch hole (no problems here but hole is big)  and 13) add to peacock rack to dry3) Embossing clay: there are pretty designs lightly etched on the sides of the roller apparatus. According to the instructions you can use this to emboss your coils. However... they are so subtle that no matter how we tried the result in the clay was faint as to hardly see and then was marred as soon as we touched it. It could be there is a magic time during the hardening process that you can properly emboss the clay without cracking it using too much force. However, if this was meant for embossing the design should have been more prominent.6) Glazing: subtle sheen and glitter. No problems - it is drippy so plan accordingly. The peacock holder was helpful for glazing. Clear nail polish with added glitter I think would be cool to try.Bottom line: I think there few supplies included for what you actually get - although I was for whatever reason enamored with the stand (it did not tip over and it actually worked). This is more of a "getting started" pack, but I could easily see a crafter using these up in one sitting. I found the coiling frustrating using the roller. The roller is good for flattening. I asked the offspring what she thought and she said it was fun to do with me but she thought it was kind of dumb and not anything she would wear (so maybe 9 too old?). She did not think this would be a good gift for her friends or her younger cousin (6). She thought her younger cousin would not be able to follow the directions and would not be able to roll the beads. Maybe so. Maybe not. YMMV. So for us, this was not a win as a rolling pin, toothpick, and better jewelry supplies would have gotten better results for less money. It is not worth the current list price. So, bottom line - no I would not recommend this unless the roller is modified so that it can grab clay better and has deeper embossing indentations. Then...maybe for the 4-7 crowd.
Read other reviews that aren't on amazon. We tried two different ones and both only talked to one animal, not the three that it should. This doll gets bad reviews on other sites.
really disappointed. sorry have to say, probably the most boring game i've ever played. it's basically pointless, doesn't develop much of any skills. i think it'd be better off to play the rush hour which is a much better game!
I was excited to try out this bouncing baby that looks so cute with her multitude of accessories.  She has a cute little voice but when I tried out the bottle and binkie her mouth didn't do anything.  I called the company and they said to try new name brand batteries.  Finally I managed to get to the store and remember what size- 3 AA's.  Not in the convenient double pack- you need a BIG pack or two small ones.  The batteries are not easily accessible as the little romper is sewn on.  New batteries made no difference.  In fact they look exactly like the old ones so I had to be careful to keep them separate from the extra new ones in the package.  I'm not a fan of toys requiring batteries to begin with.  I tried calling the company again but they close at 6 pm eastern time.  That makes it hard for those of us in the mountain or pacific time zones that work. They also aren't open on weekends.For 50 bucks I'd pass and get a nice soft cuddly doll that can survive a trip in the washing machine when needed and won't need batteries. This doll has weird legs with no padding when you go to diaper it.  Not something a child is going to find attractive or desirable or easy to deal with.  The idea was good but it fails in execution.  it might be love at first sight but not the kind that endures for an extended period of time.Update:  My daughter loves this doll.  After new batteries it still didn't seem to work but I switched the switch back and forth and the issues cleared up.  Now the binkie  works just fine.  My teen says the doll is creepy but the younger sibling loves it and plays with it often.  Glad to see it's also on sale or has a reduced price.
First of all, this toy is quite a pain to unpack, a complete opposite example of frustration-free packaging. There're 15 or more tightly tied strings to untangle, and a couple of them required the use of scissors. There's also a lot of packing tape, which together with the plastic tie plates is quite environmentally unfriendly! Also, the yellow arrow label you see must be peeled off for Spidey to do his climbing, and it's quite a chore to peel off in a clean fashion. The climbing mechanism works poorly, and I don't see how a 3-6-year-old can pump the winding mechanism by him- or herself. The entire set shows rather poor designs, and the electronic functions are just a joke (annoying lights and sounds). Unless your 3-6-year-old is a Spidey fanatic, this is not a toy to get.
We never could get this to work like it was advertised. The crayons just smeared and didn't erase and the construction of it was horrible. My kids couldn't move it around without it falling apart.
So i bought brawl and the other 4 combaticons so I could have bruticus. Brawl looks great in the video game, but his toy is bad. He's back heavy so he easily falls. His feet are flimsy and doesn't help him stand well. His arms are very short and he has a small gun. The design of this toy wasn't thought out well. Brawl only looks good in tank mode in my opinion. You should only get him for bruticus
Oftentimes, it is hard to believe that The World's Greatest Detective has been around for seventy-five years. With his first introduction in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, The United States of America was celebrating the 1st World Science Fiction Convention in New York while a mere few states west of that on the very same day, Theodore Roosevelt's head was being dedicated at Mount Rushmore. Just earlier that year, a little unknown company by the name of Hewlett-Packard had started up who would later take the world by storm with their wildly successful TouchPad. Nylon stockings for curious men went on sale for the first time in Wilmington, Delaware and the first Little League Baseball game was played at Williamsport, Pennsylvania.These were very exciting times.My father, being one male too many in a polygamist community, was exiled as a teenager and forced to live life on the rails finding work from town to town. Often times, during the winter months, distinguished gentlemen would hire him to clean their pools, mow their lawns or wash their cars as they smoked their long cigarettes and watched him. He never went into detail beyond that during his solo on-stage musical memoirs.On one such occasion, I recall him describing his time fishing  experience with no rod or net, during a very hot summer in Washington state on a wharf during lo-tide. Having spent all his earnings on a comic book series called "Detective Comics" with a then unknown character called the "Batman", immediately, he knew there was something very right about what he was seeing. Waiting for the tide to return so he could try and catch a fish with his tender bare hands, he would read and reread  the comic book. Ahead of his time, he thought the "dark" and "mysterious" character needed a younger, brightly-colored, emotionally vulnerable assistant, or distraction from his demanding tasks.Father, the happy camper, was all too eager to be that distraction.Sadly, he knew it was just a fantasy, but he tried to fulfill that role in his daily life in one way or another as employment opportunity became available.Fast forward to today, we are treated by the Collectibles Designer Series with a new Batman figure based from the work of famous Republican Greg Capullo. At such a surprisingly low price point, the figure offers a great deal of packaging. Enough excess to draw the attention of a fellow enviomentalist. Seriously, I have not been this excited since the great actor and dreamboat Ben Affleck was announced as the next Batman.With that said, because this figure does not resemble Ben Affleck who IS now Batman, I refuse to rate it any higher than one star.
I probably shouldn't even review this product ... because I am still ANGRY about all of the time I WASTED trying to get this ABSOLUTE GARBAGE to assemble ... only to find it doesn't do anything it claims to do.  When I saw someone had given this toy a 5-Star rating I almost fell over.  Then, I realized they were a Vine Member.  There is NO POSSIBLE WAY they actually assembled and used this toy before they posted their review.  It is VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE ... because this toy is HORRIBLE ... AWFUL ... TERRIBLE ... SHAMEFUL. Right off the bat I was frustrated when I saw the ridiculous sticker sheet.  I bought a TOY ... not a MODEL.  Why must I waste 15 minutes just to make the toy look like it is pictured?  Grrrrrrrrrr.  Then, as I began to assemble the track, I became even more frustrated because the instructions were nothing more than a group of illustrations with no words.  UGH!  I was positive I was not assembling the track correctly because nothing fit together properly.  So, I told my nephews they needed to wait until their uncle got home so he could help us assemble to track correctly.  The disappointment on their faces was more frustrating than the near-hour I had already wasted.  Low and behold, my husband [A MECHANIC] could not get the track to assemble any more properly than I could.  We told the boys to give it a try in spite of the poor fit.  After several pumps, the spring came out of the booster and it was rendered useless.  The track never did "flip" as it was supposed to.  Time is so precious ... I ONLY WISH I COULD HAVE THE HOUR-PLUS BACK I WASTED ON TRYING TO GET THIS TOY TO WORK.  The manufacturers should be ASHAMED of this product.***** AVOID THIS TOY COMPLETELY! *****
This is one of those toys that looks wonderfully intellectual and engaging.  And maybe it is, if you can keep your kids focused on it.  But we couldn't.  Maybe they were too young.  Matching the pictures, which are themselves arbitrary, seemed of no interest to them, and within a day, we had balls under couches and cubes being used with other blocks.  They love Legos and puzzles, but those all have some goal to create something with a meaning independent of the game itself.  This doesn't.  It's basically an IQ test and just as fun.
The price is higher than toy r us or walmart and this one is fake. The product description said that it can speack 2 langaues. This one only speak Furbish no English because it is a fake one from China. There is no turn on/off button. So think again before you buy it. At least you don't care to have a light up toy that make loud noise (I mean loud.) Hope this review will help you safe some money.
Did not like the bands. Some were fat and some were thing there was not consistey in the size of the bands.
Wow, for the cost, this toy really disappointed. The pieces were smaller than anticipated and once assembled (which took too long for my seven year old's attention span), the structure easily falls apart. I'm a fan of building block toys, but this one lacked quality and didn't seem targeted well to its intended age group. Not recommended.
But this thing is kind of a ripoff.I love toys, love remote control, love seeing kids have fun, love having fun myself. "I really wanted to like this" etc. But here are the dealbreakers for me, preceded by the few pluses.YES:The car is fast. It also does jumps and stuff.NO:This is for kids, right? So why design it to last only EIGHT MINUTES??!! Do the designers actually have or even know any kids? Were they kids themselves, ever? Once you get your young teeth into playing with a toy like this, you want to just keep rocking for a while...not 8 minutes, then pull the battery out and recharge it for 15 minutes then try to get all excited again. That's just not how kids work. They should have included two batteries, OR a bigger one that lasts at least 20-30 minutes.The car battery charges from OTHER batteries! Four AA batts go dead within four charges of the car battery or so. Even with rechargeable batts, that's a pain. With normal batts, it's a lot of money for parents to be shelling out, over and over.The car careens off the playfield a lot. Which is fun for a while, then gets old. (And running the car on any carpet picks up lint fast and the wheels seize up.)You can't control direction with the remote...?! Just going straight is no great joy after a while, especially as the car flies off the field so often.60 bucks is WAY too much for this. It's all made of cheap plastic, you have to put on all the cheap-looking stickers, and when it's all done and you're charging the car battery off the controller that uses other batteries that you just charged and will have to again in an hour or so, you might just think, "I paid 60 bucks for this?"Most kids these days have attention spans of next to nothing, so making them wait every 8 minutes for 15 minutes to start having fun with their new toy again is just bad design, period.I've played with lots of RC cars and lots of tracks and this one is near the bottom of the heap, as the only thing is has going for it is a fast car.......that lasts less than ten minutes at a time.This is worth 30 bucks, and even then would be aggravating.Not recommended.
Oh where to start with this one.  Logo Party is not much of a party, it isn't much fun at all.  It is disappointing because there seems like an awfully good idea tucked in here, but generally it just fails at every turn.Most problematic is the actual design of the physical game.  The game comes with a holder for the cards, unfortunately it is slightly too small for the number of cards they give you, so you are left either jamming in cards and bending them or having to leave a certain number out, cluttering your table etc.  Not a huge deal but not a good first impression.The huge problem we ran into was with the timer/card revealer.  It is made of the cheapest plastic they could find and thus right out of the box it didn't work.  You are supposed to be able to pull up the timer and have it lock, allowing you to place the card in it.  It didn't lock.  There is also supposed to be a ding when the timer runs out.  There was not a ding.  This was less of a problem as the excruciatingly loud grinding noise the timer makes when going down is noticeable enough when it stops.  Sadly it is also massively distracting and annoying during game play.Despite the cheapness and poor design of the game, all would be forgiven if it were actually fun.It is not fun.Essentially you put into one of three categories, Draw it, do it or describe it.  Describe it is painfully easy.  During the course of the entire game, no one missed it once.  Draw it was a bit harder, but not by much.  The only one that was missed was trying to draw &#34;Air China&#34; in the 20 second limit.  Do it is charades and when you are doing it to something like &#34;Progresso&#34; it seems really stupid.Essentially no one missed a question with rare exceptions.  Since you can play until you miss one, the entire game rest on &#34;reveal it&#34; spaces in which someone puts a card in the timer/revealer and slowly shows you the logo, the first person to gets it gets control of the board and moves forward.  And that is it.  No brand trivia, nothing to really shake things up.After an hour, we all just wondered why we weren't playing Cranium, a better game with more variety.I was excited about this game, but it was just a miss.  It's too bad, I think there might be something here.
I purchased this toy from Buy Buy Baby while out and about shopping a few weeks ago.  It worked fine in the store.  I brought it home and noticed it was not working anymore while wrapping it.  We changed the batteries and it started working again.  Gave it to my son this morning for Christmas and within the hour it was no longer working.  I am very unhappy with this purchase and will be returning it to the store this weekend!!!
I got this toy for my friend and her family (two children under the age of 6). All four of them are major nerds - just like me - so this seemed like a perfect toy for all to enjoy.The excitement upon seeing the box was extreme. They couldn't wait to play with it.And then they played with it and discovered that it just doesn't have the same level of quality as a certain other name brand that functions in the same way. Quite simply, the parts don't fit together right, so the ship falls apart. Now we're trying to figure out the best way to fix this thing so that all of its fun aspects can be enjoyed.If the parts fit properly, this would be an incredible, great product. It's unfortunate that we're finding this looseness. Hopefully others will not encounter the same issue.
This castle set is a manageable size, unlike the huge Barbie dream house--which is good, because most homes do not have a room to set aside for a doll castle.  It also has the battery-dependent talking feature, which requires 4 AA batteries not included.  However, here is where my reservations start to rear their ugly heads.  While capable of 35 talking phrases, for this $60 toy, one only gets 12 phrases--more sets need to be purchased.  The castle only includes one princess and pet--others available to buy separately.  The furnishings are skimpy:  careful comparison of the picture on the box and the included pieces are numerically different.  As a gift-giver, I naively expect a $60 present to at least contain enough stuff to play with the toy.  To inventory the box contents, I had to open the box, with difficulty, and sort it out:  on the box it mentioned in words that all the pictured figures were not included, but it did not tell how many accessories or furniture, etc., were.  Also, since the target age is 3+, the receiver will be misled, because that age is pre-reading.  At best, consider this box of plastic as a 'starter castle', and expect to go to war or marry up to get to the stage of lavish, royal make-believe.
This kit was missing parts to the roof!!!  Every kit I get always has a few missing parts!!!  Not happy with Lego kits at all
The jaw is hinged and needs the child's chin to set into a &#34;chin cup&#34; in order for the child's jaw to move the chin, which in turn, moves the eyebrows.  It is made quite well, but my son compared the movement of his jaw to chewing an extremely stale huge wad of gum. After 5 minutes his face was sore. Tho' he did try it several times he commented that it didn't get any easier.
What is up with this?I bought these because my 3 year old loves airplanes and I truth Disney.  No other reason.  We have never seen the movie, it was never a benefit to buy these expensive toys with a Disney trademark.I bought it for Christmas.  He opened it at 8:30 and carried all 7 airplanes around for 3 1/2 hours.  By 12:00 the landing gear of El Chupacabra was broken off.  On closer inspection I realized all of the planes are made of multiple pieces.  Small pieces, just like the landing gear, that is about one fall away from breaking.This has to be the cheapest Disney product I have ever bought and we have bought many.As for the reason it received 2 stars instead of 1: My children prefer the smaller products.  Yes, it's about 3&#34; but he's able to play with them easier.  We have many small figurines and they are all played with, set up, and hold multiple conversations with each other.  Extra bonus of small pieces-they store easier (unless they toy iare poorly made, then they will all fall apart when stored with other, better quality toys).
My son like Thomas & Friends the one I was sent has a metal hook on the end of the crane and not the magnet as showcase in picture. I don't have time for sending it back.
My daughter is a huge Sofia fan.  This Sofia toy is such a let down.The plastic figurines don't even sit on the chairs without falling off (let alone stand).  Their heads also continually fall off.  One would think that (a) a Disney product and (b) a toy for toddlers would be much better designed!  Disappointed.
Same idea as the rest,...thought we were getting a good deal and should have known. We did not even open the package and will return it. These are much smaller than the single diecast toys from the local stores. We have already started collecting others so these dont even mix well. These would be fine to play with if they are the only set you buy....and dont mind a small plastic set.
The NECA Series 2 Alien warrior, as always has an awesome Sculpt, Articulation, Paint, and details. it looks absolutely stunning! ....in the box.... Although I love NECA's action figures. I can't help that Quality Control wise, their alien figures seem to get the short end of the stick, and that is why I can't give it a higher score.upon removing the figure from the box the head was incorrectly assembled, giving it a crooked look, I fixed that with a bit of work, quite proud of it, Until I tried to move the left leg. upon doing so the leg snapped right off at the hip swivel pen. Now, I can fix this issue, I'm quite skilled with it. but here's the thing. I don't want to. I refuse to fix something that is just out of package. It's not right!thinking about it now, I may just use this figure as spare parts for my custom aliens warrior that I already have from a good NECA figure, I bought this one really to have a screen accurate Aliens figure. but because of the issues I ran into with it, it's not going to work, and as I stated, I refuse to fix something that's brand new and just out of package, and I won't blame myself for Quality Control. the first series Alien Xenomorph Warrior NECA done last year was awesome. and I still have yet to find any flaws in it. But this, I WANT to give a higher score. But I can't, as buyer's remorse is now setting in, I must instead warn people to buy their alien figures In store and not online.
My daughter did not even get to enjoy this for more than a day before it started falling apart. We sent it back. The pieces are pretty small as well.
This toy is a great idea, but my kids (ages 4, 5 & 9) cannot turn the handle to get the playdoh to come out. I have to turn it for them. What fun is that for them? It's also a pain to clean out. Was not used very much and I have had it for almost 2 months.
Not much to this, did not hold a 3 year olds interest for more than a minute!!
A squirter, scooper, and strainer?  More like 2 duds and a squirter.  My son received these toys for Christmas and the first time we used them I could tell they were worthless.  He is 18-months old and has straining stacking cups we use in the tub and those are much, much better than the strainer that comes with this set.  I also hate squirting bathtub toys, as they eventually always have to be thrown out due to mold growth inside of them.  My son has a hard time figuring out where the water comes out of Thomas.I will keep this set until we get mold in Thomas, and then they will be pitched.  My son doesn't play with them much anyway.  Squirters are fun toys, but they don't last.  You're much better off with cups and sealed toys in the tub.
this is an ok product and clearly geared toward the arts and crafts family.  all said, its just like any other product you'd get from michaels in this category.  the fact that its sold under the american girl brand just seems like a weak product extension designed to extract an unjustified price premium.
what happened to this company?? I remember having the amazing burger factory as a kid and the great product play doh was.. Not anymore. We have many play doh play sets and this is by far the cheapest piece of junk. the play doh is a horrible consistency and the syringe is even very difficult for me to push down on, forget even having my kid attempt it. Dont waste your money
While it carries cars well the track is tight too really have too many cars going around it AND you cannot use the track unless you prop up the entire thing against something else. Shouldn't it stay up on its own??
It took up a lot of floor space and since it a high risk item for breaking, we promptly returned it to Amazon. Too bad. Wanted to love it.
Brought this for a three year old, kid played with it ok and was excited about this toy for the first week or so, then gradually lost interest. After that, the &#34;syringe tubing&#34; for making the frosting became the fun playing part from this toy.  But then the play doh often get stuck inside the tube that you cannot put out everything sometimes.  One day, kid start putting play doh in the tubing as usual, we were not able to get everything out again,  a big chunk still let in and stuck inside.  &#34;smart me&#34; put my finger from the other end trying to push out the rest of the doh, it worked for the beginning, but then as i was pushing, my finger got stuck.  oh boy! i could not pull it out no matter what i tried. I mean i admit this happens partially at my fault,  i shouldn't be doing the back-pushing, but then the design somehow made the doh stuck and the the opening is big enough which made me think its ok to put my finger in to help it pushing it out.  Mistake!!!  At the end, i had to break open the entire toy to get my finger out. Dangerous indeed!
I guess the idea here is to compete with the Nerf football. This NightZone football has small lights that can be turned on for night time play. Nerf does something similar with their FireVision line, but that requires special glasses.The idea here is neat enough, but the product is kind of a dud. The football is tiny, about 2/3 the size of a Nerf football (which is already smaller than a standard football), a bit harder than a Nerf product, and the battery/light switch area are hard plastic and awkwardly placed. It looks cheap (think Five Below cheap) and the novelty factor wore off very quickly.Stick with Nerf if you want a softer football. Gimmicky lights don't trump good design and quality products.
I got this for my daughter who just turned 5 and who really loves Doc McStuffins and imaginary play but she is not at all interested in this toy.  Both by herself or with friends, it does not get played with at all.  I think it's better for a child that is 3 years old but not much over.  I paid $72 and feel it's overpriced for the quality.  It was easy to put together.
I got 2 of these, specifically to take them out of the packaging and display them.  They look awesome.  However, both had problems right out of the packaging.  Both had warped legs, which made them difficult to stand up and thus limited the poses you could place them in.  Secondly, just like another reviewer, I had one where the leg broke off at the hip with the slightest attempt to move the joint.  Some glue reattached it but of course that joint is now totally immobile.  So, these are the most fragile alien figures I have had so far and the poses are limited.  Still, they look nice.  However, I will not be buying these again when I seek to expand my collection.
I got this as a gift and never would have bought it myself.  It has no creative value, which is what little minds need the most in this age group.  You'd be better off getting some Play-Doh, sidewalk chalk or a cardboard box.  If you want vehicles, then something more open-ended like a steel Tonka truck, a big Bruder, or anything from the Green Toys line is much better.  I have a one-year-old and a three-year-old who both play with those constantly.This truck talks too much, doesn't move around as much as you'd hope, and it's so loud.  There is no volume control!  It's pretty annoying and frustrates the kids. Please, please, please don't buy this. You can do better.
I just bought this toy from target and the heads keeps coming off, they snap back in but fall right off again, my daughter LOVES sofia but isn't interested in this toy at all cause of how annoying it is and she's only 3. it seems like all the sofia toys were rushed and just not made durable at all.
My daughter loves everything How to train your Dragon and got this for Christmas.  After a few days one wing broke off and another wouldn't stay in position, my daughter cried for days.  Sent a email and it took them a few days to respond but they said return it and we got a refund.  Going to get the plush Toothless for her birthday.
Gave these  to a 6 year old for Christmas thinking they were sturdy enough for a kid to play with, within hours the cheap plastic planes were starting to break with normal playtime use.  A month later, they've all been thrown out because of breakage.  Maybe for an adult or collector they'd be fine, but for a kids toy they are very badly designed.
If you are a Minecraft enthusiast this might, and do mean might be for you.  This is really just a model you can put on your desk.  It isn't really good for that because it frequently falls over.  My 10 year old liked it at first but then never plays with it.
Maybe if you invest in the whole set this would be fun. But the 6 inch long ramp that comes with this is too short to hold any interest.  We tried making our own ramp too, but it didn't work as well as we'd hoped.  Toy fail for us.
I actually never give this less rating for any LEGO product. But I had no choice. The reason for my disappointment with this set can be expressed in one word...."speedorz".First, I'll start with the good things in this set. You get the Laval, prince of Lion tribe and Cragger, prince of Crocodile tribe minifigures. Both are the two most important characters in Chima story. The two minifigs are, needless to say, awesome! The best thing about the Chima theme is the minifigures.This set contains some decent set-pieces. The Lion's mouth-kind-of-arch is very well designed and looks nice. One small Chi tower is cool.Now coming to the thing I despise the most about this set..Speedorz. The main problem with these speedorz is that they wobble , most of the time, while moving. The reason for that, I'm guessing, is because of a design-flaw. The front wheel is bit heavy and the back portion of the speedor is very light. Hence the wobble. Sometimes, adding an attachment to the back does help, but sometimes it doesn't.I had a tough time trying to make the speedor move in the way shown on the back of the box and as mentioned in the instruction manual. Also, whenever the speedor used to go up the ramp, it used to land upside-down! So more chances of damage to the minifig there.What LEGO should have done , is that, apart from the big wheel in the front, there should have been two small wheels in the back, for balance and stability. Then the speedor would have moved very nicely. I personally feel that if LEGO doesn't change the design of the speedors soon, people might reduce buying it. From what I've seen on the internet, not many are very happy with the speedorz.So, if you are a die-hard fan of LEGO, who wants to buy EVERYTHING and ANYTHING and LEGO, then please go and buy this. Else, you can happily exclude this set from your shopping list. In case you want the minifigs, you can get them in other Chima sets. Laval comes in "Laval's Royal Fighter" and Cragger in "Cragger's Command ship". Those sets are expensive than this one but they are definitely worth the money!
My daughter loves Sophia (thanks Grandma), so I decided to give in and get her the castle. What a waste of space.I'd seen the other reviews and planned to give myself plenty of time to set it up before giving it to her. Honestly, though, it didn't take as long as I thought it might given what I'd read. Although the instructions are terrible and it still didn't feel very sturdy when complete, it didn't take much time. However, I'm not counting on it holding up to much of my three year old daughter's rough play (one of the gables already popped off once while she was playing on the inside of the house).I had the same problem others did with Clover's "hide-and-seek" bed. The bed has a spot where he's clearly supposed to get snapped in, but he doesn't actually snap. He just sits on top and then falls off when you turn it over.The talking feature is also disappointing. Even the concept - a single point in the castle where each figure can stand to have the castle rotate through a handful of phrases - is uninspired. But the execution makes it even worse. Although it's worked for us a few times, it's incredibly inconsistent, and more often than not nothing happens when we try to make the figures talk.It also seems a little crazy that this giant castle only comes with one human figure (plus the rabbit). Luckily, I was able to convince my daughter that Sophia and her My Little Ponies could be best of friends.What surprised me most is that even my daughter who loves Sophia just doesn't seem that interested in the castle. I think she spent fewer than five minutes with it before moving on to other toys. If you're considering Sophia's castle, I'd just get a sturdier wooden dollhouse that's not based on a tv show if I could do it all over. You can always put a Sophia figurine inside if it'll please your child.UPDATE (12/31/2013): Just saw that this is not currently carried by amazon and that another vendor is selling it for 65 dollars! This was a dubious purchase at the 40 dollars amazon was charging.
Cute but really really small and expensive set.Not really sure why Lego -- which BTW is not the heavy plastic Lego of my youth -- is so pricey.  It always has been and not sure why.
My daughter loves everything Elmo. But not this one. The blanket is somewhat fragile and I have had to reattach it twice. I should have thought about the fact that it would be still and fragile therefore cannot be slept with. It is not cuddly.
Box damaged in transit and never delivered and delivery cancelled by seller.  Never got item.  Bought same brand in store and my son was bored with it in no time flat.  He's just turned 6  and the tiles must be balanced carefully until you have a couple of sides - I recommend this type of block for 7 and up but not from this seller.
That's what my son said when he realized that the burnout marks on the display box were in fact pre-printed on set's cardboard pieces. He will become jaded before long: the Photoshopping on toy boxes is a growing concern. Not sure either about the advertised "scale" 900 MPH, but it's pretty darned fast, no doubt about it.The Psychoplex is one of several playsets from KAOTIKS, all of which can be combined into one giant set. This one took 40 minutes to assemble. Mostly straightforward, although plastic and cardboard are not ideal jigsaw mates. Couple hints: only at Step 4 does it mention to assemble on a smooth surface, but I recommend a very hard surface from the very start, the better to snap pieces together. Another tip: the green fencing goes flat(ter) side in. Unfortunately, pieces are not numbered in accordance with the instructions. The long green fencing, for example, is called out as part "L" in the instructions but the actual pieces are stamped "S12." Also, pieces "M" and "N" are "P2" and "P1," respectively. Finally, the instructions do not mention the included stickers, the placement of only some of which are indicated on the box.The stated run time is 8 minutes, but thankfully our real-world experience is better. The car runs for 20 minutes, but takes almost as long to recharge. Battery installation/replacement is not intuitive, both for the controller (which uses 4 AA batteries, not included) and the car (which uses a LI-ON battery, included). The battery compartment in the controller uses sliding plastic tabs to separate each pair of batteries. Most devices require no such contraption, so I don't see the point. The car battery is tricky to install and remove, especially so for the stated age range (4+). The AA batteries will not last long*, since they do double duty in powering the controller and also charging the LI-ON. The controller uses infa-red optical transmitters, so it must be pointed at the car, which is slightly annoying because even small arm movements may affect the signal.* New AA batteries lasted only four cycles.The car is as spazzy as a mexican jumping bean. Keep it away from carpet or it will pick up fuzz. You don't need the track, in fact. Much of the time, the car jumps *out* of the track anyway. The car functions the same right side up or down, and seems sturdily designed. Like the much worseDisney/Pixar Cars Stunt Racers Double Decker Speedway, the vehicle retains playability on its own. The biggest downside in my opinion is the lack of a steering device on the remote. On the track, this is mitigated by the forced oval. On the floor, however, there is no control whatsoever, and you will be constantly placing the car back in the track. What would be cool is to race two cars at the same time. Unfortunately, Amazon does not list any accessories at this time.PostscriptThe title of this review captures my son's initial disappointment at the enhanced graphics of the marketing material. He wanted to burn some rubber. Ironically, he has. Or at least some medium-density foam. There is black residue all over the track. Cool for him, though I wonder what will happen when there is no tire rubber/foam left on the wheels.3 stars. The playability of this toy would be increased exponentially with a steering device. Also, the AA batteries lead a cursed life because they not only control the car when the toy is in use, but they also charge the car's battery at all other times.UPDATE February 2014--------------------The rechargeable battery stopped charging. (FYI, the red light will stay on.) The company was kind enough to send a replacement battery.UPDATE April 2014-----------------The replacement battery has now stopped working, too. Ugh.Lowering Durability rating to 1-star, overall down to 2-star.
This think is absolutely AWEFUL!  The instructions are nearly impossible to understand.  The markings on the posts are just slight embossing on the plastic at the base of each post, using an extremely tiny font size.  Even if you could read the tiny font, the rubber bands will cover it, so you can't read them.  The pictures in the instructions are tiny and since the loom is a dark blue, you can't even see what the picture is trying to show you.I can build Ikea furniture with no trouble at all.  I can code software and administer databases.  I can build robots and service tiny electronics.  However, I find it nearly impossible to make a good bracelet with this confusing mess of a product!Do yourself a HUGE favor -- look for a different product.  I can't vouch for the Rainbow Loom, but it sounds to be much better.
We received this toy as part of a BzzCampaign. My 5yr old has been SO excited about this toy. Begging for it. It simply did not measure up. The graphics were terrible. My 2yr old didn't mind that part, the 5yr old noticed. The games did not engage him. I think they were hoping to jump on the Skylander bandwagon, but this does not even come close to measuring up. My son is a huge SKylanders nut, so there's a lot to compare it to. I did see another reviewer comment about plugging it into the car DVD player. It may be worth it for that. That is definitely something I had not thought of and will try. Other than that, my son played it for less than 10 minutes and refuses to turn it back on. It just doesn't hold his interest. Such a bummer. Especially since we bought additional figures for him. I think this would work for children on the younger spectrum who are not very familiar with video games on the bigger name systems, yet.
We have other Angry Birds sets that our kids, both boys ages 7 and 4, love.  (For example:  Angry Birds Star Wars Fighter Pods AT AT Attack)This was very difficult to build.  The directions were hard to follow at times, and once built, it did NOT hold together well at all.  I put it together myself (40 year old mom here) and I about cried when they tried to just MOVE IT on the table and it crubled in about 3 pieces.  After that, it lasted about 5 minutes.  Now I REALIZE that it is meant to come apart somewhat, but it shouldn't just fall apart as you are moving it into position on a flat surface.For the money, you are better off getting one of the games where you just set up blocks and use a slingshot to fling the birds.  (Like the AT AT mentioned above, or Angry Birds Star Wars Fighter Pods Jenga Death Star)
As a collector this is one of the most ugly transformers ever. The 2 stars is for combine mode is cool but that's it. The robot mode is ugly little hands wow the truck mode ugly, u can see bruticus head in truck mode big halow part in the back come on Hasbro if can hide a big head in a power core combiner toy and it's much smaller telling u this third party dudes are schooling Hasbro all day Hasbro sucking nuts now in days.
This game seemed really cool, but my kids hated it. They didn't understand the purpose and it was way over my 4-year-old's head. My 8-year-old tinkered with it until he figured it out and groans whenever I mention it. I liked it, but after playing for a while, I got tired of it too.
Bottom line is that it does NOT work as described:1) The pump is loud & annoying, since it has to be constantly pumped...and without the desired effect, seems like a complete waste of time & energy.2) Cars either get stuck in the turnabout, or fly completely off the track...no drifting, etc.3) The part of the track that is supposed to turn over, can't because there is no clearance.4) We have the carry case/stadium and the trackset, and both came with Lightning McQueen. If you want Mater, you have to buy a set that as yet another McQueen. I doubt we will bother to get all the drifters because of the multiple McQueens, as well as the lousy performance of the trackset, and the problems with the stadium case.Even if your child is a huge Cars fan, avoid the Drifters product line, or be prepared for a big disappointment.
Not a good product.  The marker was dry and didn't work.  It may have just been a bad product but since we already opened it and used it I didn't feel we could return it.
The concept is good but I don't think the product is ready for shelves yet.  Keep in mind that you mount this ON the wall.  It is a bit too involved to assemble it and it needs some tweaking to keep the unit on the wall.  Kids do enjoy playing with it but it is a bit of a novelty and interest wanes after a bit and after about a day of play, this was not used very often. that is the true litmus test--when it doesn't have "staying" power you are better off spending hard-earned $$ elsewhere.  You can purchase other Wall Tracks items and create a "world".  You need batteries for this item as well--2 D size.I do not think it is worth the price.
Spending much of my youth in Oregon, my grandparents felt that it was important that I be active in school , sports and various other community events when opportunity arose. My grandfather was an Eagle Scout thanks to a real Bald Eagle foot a Native American friend of the family gave to him for his birthday. Truth be told, he wasn't really a "Native American" per say, but was really a die hard Washington D.C. Redskins fan. He was one of the fairest redheads I'd ever seen. He had access to all sorts of wildlife at the archery shop he ran.With no Scouting programs available in the area, grandfather insisted that I be involved in similar activities to help my development. As a substitution, a popular camping program to teach life skills was run in our area by NAMBLA.A community outreach program of grown men, many of whom just got out of prison, actively engaged in the nurturing relationship of young boys.  It was the perfect program for boys in search of good mentorship when they had no father figures. In my case, my grandfather due to his frail condition, camping would have been far too much of a hardship on him. Besides, he didn't want to miss back to back episodes of `Barney Miller'. Something he could not do with zero reception up in the mountains.  It was 'his' show that  he would watch regardless of where he was.  One time, grandma's bowels were acting up and she needed to be rushed to the hospital. On the way to the hospital it hit seven o'clock. After frantically driving around downtown in the rain, he pulled the car over and watched the show from the other side of the window of a closed television repair shop.Grandma didn't make it that night, but I tend to believe it that it was simply her time to go.On one of the NAMBLA campouts, I became lost in the midnight game of pajama hide and seek. The purpose was to pair the "fathers" up with the boys for the weekend.  It was one of the more popular games since it involved pajamas, but this particular night simply did not go well. In fact, because the boys outnumbered the "fathers" no one came looking for me that night. As a result, I spent the night lost in the woods and fell asleep by a fallen tree.Sometimes, I would hear footsteps or hear rapid heavy breathing, but I did could not see anything. I thought that it was a Predator watching over me since they would not harm kids.When I woke up in the morning, it turned out I was only about thirty feet from the camp site, but I simply did consider going in that direction.  I thought the bright lights were for the dog kennel that was along the fence that surrounded our campsite. Those dogs scared me and I did not want to be near them.What did happen was that the good men of NAMBLA did in fact go looking for me that night, but several of them became lost themselves and ended up sleeping in the woods or their vans. To think of the sacrifices they made on my behalf really brought me comfort that morning.I ended up going home that day "father(less)" but never forgetting the valuable lesson I learned from being lost.  Sometimes, it is best to not give up so easily when it gets dark.This figure serves as a reminder of that frightful night spent alone in the woods while a mysterious Predator watched over me.
My daughter loves her larger dry erase board, and I ended up getting her this for entertainment for when she's in the car. Unfortunately, I missed the writing on the bottom that mentioned 'crayons'... this is not a true 'dry erase' board which is used with markers... this is simply crayons on plastic.First, out of the box, the size is very disappointing. The 'product dimensions' listed above is for the entire box, not the toy. The board itself is is only 11" x 9", with the actual drawing space measuring 9" x 7"... smaller then a standard piece of paper. The drawing area is also recessed 3/4", making it difficult to draw comfortably. The board includes a piece of clear plexiglass that serves as the main drawing surface, and a reversible board with a black side and a white side that can be drawn on as well. Both are removable, and even when inserted correctly, moves quite a bit, causing additional issues when drawing on.Drawing on the colored reversible board, then inserting it into the frame behind the plexiglass and drawing on the plexiglass is suppose to give a dimensional effect, but it really doesn't... even the lighting, with its three modes of full-on, blinking, and fading on/off doesn't provide the lighted 'neon' effect that the toy implies.The colors, when the light is on, look way too similar on the black background. The light tends to make everything look blueish and the drawings look no where near as vivid as shown on the box.Lastly, erasing the board takes some scrubbing... my daughter can't do it very well herself, so my it must be done by me or my wife.Overall, this toy fails on just about every level... nothing works as I expected it to. My daughter still enjoys using it from time to time, which is why I went with 2-stars rather then 1, but it's nothing like what I expected and is obscenely overpriced.
This Lion toy is not that fun, it will show how to count 1-10 in Spanish, English, Chinese and French it will play a short song and move the balls a little and that all, my nephew got bored and leave the toy and play whit an all toy he likes better.
This kit is a set of clays, glazes, and rollers, together with some plastic mounting lockets for clay.  The general idea is that kids use the rollers to roll clay ribbons into tulip shaped beads, punch holes in them, glaze and dry them, to make colorful flower beads and other accessories.I'm not sure if this kit is a good fit for many kids, though.  It's recommended for ages eight and up, but my eight year old found it frustrating, and the best case scenario for the jewelry probably won't appeal to kids much above eight.  I think it's worth a try if an adult is able to give a *lot* of help, but otherwise, might go for a different clay or jewelry kit.
I was very disappointed that this doll would not speak. I bought the movie also because of the reviews. So I cannot truly rate them
Not very impressed with this gift.  I purchased this for my daughter but the glitter makes a mess so be ready.  The instructions were not very clear either. Disappointed...
$24.99 for this? I don't see anything special about this POP figure. This can be purchased all day long at the store hbo.com for $9.99 and right now they are having a 20% off sale of GoT stuff.
Don't waste your time or money with this ill-conceived kit.  The idea is that you put together a picture &#34;frame&#34; made of cardboard, then decorate it with a special play-doh that hardens overnight.  I generally dislike toys that have finite useability, and this is no exception.  There isn't much play-doh, and once you use it, that's it.  Guess what?  You then have to buy more!  You can't just refill the tubes to use them again, you have to buy, buy, buy.  Also, and this is a pretty big point, the dough doesn't harden.  That's right, it doesn't harden well enough to do what it's supposed to do.  Where does the fun end!  Get some markers, some poster board, and your kids will have just as much fun as with this design-by-committee disaster.
Man this figure is a big let down. He has no articulation and he can't stand on his own unless his tail is down. I only recommend is you are building Groot.
Works good.  Looks good. My kid loves it.Just simply not a $30 toy considering its a low volt flashlight at best.
There were no reviews when I purchased this.  My son (he is 2) plays with this maybe for a minute or two once a week.  Wish I wouldn't have wasted the $ on this one.  Ended up buying the B. Woofer guitar for my son for Christmas because I felt so bad about buying this one for my son's birthday.
As for the parent the giraffe is quite easy to put it together. It's very colorful, not overly noisy and the light is not too crazy.I have a 2 years 8 months old boy and 8 month old girl. They both loved it the first day. Toddler had no problems using it and I assisted my infant baby girl to sit and rock.They liked giraffe the next day or two, and now sad giraffe stands there and no one cares about her. Seriously they don't even bother to touch her. I will have to put it away and rotate it with other toys. I'm glad I didn't buy it, personally I prefer toys that makes kids figure out how it works, or amazes them in some way. We had way more luck with little pony when my son is younger, maybe because it was softer?I wouldn't buy it.
My son likes this toy, but it's pretty flimsy, even by cheap plastic toy standards. For what you get, the price is too high.
cute idea.  takes a lot to pop the balloon. can't really blow the balloon up bigger to make it easier to pop because then it won't fit in contraption.  kids liked it okay but after a few intial plays this game has not been gotten back out.
This is our 3rd RC helicopter. Our other two are Syma copters. I like the angry bird face on this helicopter but that is the only positive thing I can say about it.The battery cover on the controller did not line up properly and had to be forced closed. The helicopter would not respond to the controller at all no matter what setting I put it on, even after charging for hours. The throttle stick feels extremely loose compared to our other controllers so I am left to wonder if we just got a defective item. As is, I cannot recommend it in the slightest.
My daughter is a huge fan of Lalaloopsy and we own the Tree House Playset.  She was very excited about the Silly Fun House Playset until she actually played with it.  It is a very unstable design and the track keeps popping out, much to her dismay.  She also has a hard time buckling the tiny seat belt (which you need to do for it to work).  It just seems like a bad design.  Very disappointed as it retails for $40.
I know right? I see all these reviews for people saying these are too big, and I'm saying they are too small. My 4 1/2 year old son (these are labeled as 3 years+) says these &#34;pinch&#34; his head when he wears them.  I eventually went out and got him adult sized headphones, which fit him fine.My 2 1/2 year old daughter is ok with these, but they do tend to slip off her head.
I was happy to receive this toy as part of the Amazon Vine program so my son could test it out.  He was excited when he saw it but that faded quickly once we opened the box. I assumed that the motorcycle would need to be charged and then he could play with it for a while.  Problem is, this toy doesn't work that way.  The charger is a quick charge for each time you use it. Each use only lasts about 15 seconds. In addition the motorcycle doesn't connect to the charger, the child needs to press down on the motorcycle on the charger for 20 seconds while it charges and then you let the motorcycle loose, and watch it bounce off of things.  The bounce off of things seemed to last less then 15 seconds and then to use again you have to charge the motorcycle by pushing it down on the charger for another 20 seconds.  Ok, who at Mattel approved of this thing? This reminds me of the movie Big where the executives with all their statistics approved of this toy without actually having kids play with it.  Not only is there the issue of having to push down on it for 20 seconds every time you need to charge it, the bigger issue is what kid wants to do that after every 15 seconds of play? Mine sure didn't and after trying the toy out 2 times said, "this thing stinks".  I don't often write negative reviews but our experience with this toy was so bad that there is very little to be positive about.My advise is to save your money and look for something else.  Mattel should pull this product before it hurts the Hot Wheels image.
Here&#8217;s a riddle for you:  What company name excites children merely by saying it; generates great expectations for both the giver and recipient of the gift; and keenly disappoints?  . . . . . . .(waiting for your answer)  Give up?  It&#8217;s Disney!  Yup, I was surprised, too.This looked like a toy that&#8217;s a bit different from the rest; it involves racing airplanes.  But sadly, innovation ends with the concept.  I&#8217;ll explain.After following the directions, assembly was easy (adult required, but no batteries).  However, contrary to the directions, applying the decals prior to assembly is more practical.The toy is lightweight and rather flimsy.  Rugged play will cause it to come apart at a portion of the track where two sections meet.  The airplane holds up just fine.Seeing this toy in play reminds me of watching a hamster running on its wheel.  The hamster&#8217;s action doesn&#8217;t change; it does the same movement repeatedly.  Boring!  The child playing with this toy repeats the same action&#8212;pulls back the lever, releases the lever, watches the plane circle track, repeat&#8212;ad nauseum.  And that&#8217;s it.  Neither thinking nor creativity, nor imagination is required.  (As a parent and educator it rates an &#8216;F&#8217;, in my opinion.)  I would not waste my money on it nor, would I allow my child to play with such mindless tripe.  The box states that after 10 laps, the track opens up and the plane flies to the &#8216;finish&#8217;.  The only finish we see is the breaking of the track and the plane falling down.The box depicts a child playing with this set, clearly showing multiple aircraft and a truck.  In a prominent 2.5&#8221; circle it states, &#8220;FLY 2 PLANES!&#8221;  However, the reality is that it contains one plane, one track and control tower.  There is no other plane.  The truck doesn&#8217;t exist.  In tiny print (font size of about a three or four) it states:  &#8220;Vehicles and sets each sold separately.&#8221;  Really??!  So, if your pre-schooler (who can&#8217;t read and relies on pictures) sees this toy and asks for it, s/he will be keenly disappointed once it&#8217;s opened and assembled.  Adults buying this as a gift will probably not read the fine print either, thinking this is a wonderful present for a young child.I am annoyed by a couple of things.  First, Disney&#8217;s representation of what&#8217;s inside the box is inaccurate.  Second, with so many engaging play items on the market, money and time should not be wasted with this item.  Disney&#8217;s name invokes imagination and good quality.  If this set is indicative of the company&#8217;s standards today, I will be wary of future Disney products.
I am not at all impressed by this tablet. The screen is small and does not interpret gestures the way we are now used to, the processor is incredibly slow by modern standards, the camera is so crappy it's a joke, and the cartridges and software are too costly. Yes I know I'm looking at it through the eyes of an adult... maybe a kids won't notice the small screen. Maybe kids won't mind the slowness, until they reach about 5 years old. Beyond that, I think they will be sharp enough to become impatient with it too.I don't know how, in 2013, you could even come up with something this slow. You try to go anywhere from the "home" screen, and you have to look at some spinning ring of dots for 6 seconds or more. Then you want to back up to "home" again, another 6 seconds. This is really annoying when the tablet misinterprets your touch and goes someplace you never wanted to go in the first place. They must have had to hire special slowness engineers to develop custom circuits this pokey. The web browser seems especially slow, taking minutes to show pre-selected sites I can find in seconds by Google search on my desktop PC.The camera is so bad, indoors it is almost like looking through the dark filter in a welder's helmet... only light bulbs and bright white or yellow objects are even visible. Outdoors on a sunny day it takes recognizable photos, but of very poor quality. They claim it is 2MP, but it is not even remotely close to my old 2MP Nikon camera. I contacted VTech about the camera, and they replied some nonsense about trying different batteries. Well I've got their special rechargeable battery packs, and everything besides the camera seems to function sorta OK; maybe I could stick pins in a voodoo doll instead and have the same chances of fixing the problem.I installed the "Learning Lodge" software on my desktop computer. After a rather lengthy installation, it seems to function OK. Through it I got the one free software download, plus purchased another of similar value (about $3) and a set of songs that cost about $5. The $3 things are very lame; one consists of three short nursery rhyme songs accompanied by horrid crude cartoons that resemble paper cut-outs dangling from strings, and the other is a "Math Magician" whose mouth movements do not match his words. The $5 song set is 11 short songs, averaging a little over a minute long each, accompanied by a kaleidoscope-like moving color screen. The tablet also accepts cartridges, and one came with it. The one they included has three things on it: a short story about a dog that is read aloud by a voice and has some interactive cartoon features, a simple maze game, and a coloring book type activity. These things are actually OK as far as they go, but I see the price of additional cartridges is up close to $25 each. In my opinion, you are not getting a lot of value for your money with these cartridges and downloads. You could easily spend an additional $100 just to bring this tablet up to something reasonably well equipped to keep your kid entertained off and on for a few weeks.This tablet reminds me of a brand new Tandy "Color Computer" I received free back around 1992. It might have been a great thing in 1985, but by 1992 it was so outmoded that I quickly realized that sinking any money into software or accessories was just foolish. In the present situation, my advice would be to wait until your kid was slightly older maybe, then get a good cheap 7 inch Android tablet with a damage warranty plan. There are so many apps now available, there has got to be stuff suitable for kids out there. I bought such a tablet, an AGPtech, from Amazon a year ago for under 85 bucks delivered and my only regret is the lack of Bluetooth. It is tons faster and more versatile than this InnoTab. Our daughter is only about 1 year old; I'll let her beat this InnoTab tablet around, but doubt I'll be buying any more software for it.
Disclosure: we are not a huge Transformers family.  However, we've had a few here and there and my younger son loves to build things and is a pro at building things from instructions all by himself--he's constructed probably a dozen 400/500+ piece Lego/K'Nex, etc, projects with virtually no help.  So this is a kid who is very good at figuring out how things go and reading directions.  Not this Transformer!  He found the directions to this extremely confusing and the plastic difficult to move/transform.I called in an expert: my engineering-loving teenaged son who spent some time with this toy only to dismiss it as "crap."  (This teen has owned a number of transformers).  He commented, for example, that the shield was stuck so hard into the fist that you feel like you're going to break something simply by removing it.  He lost patience before figuring out the transformation.  So I took a turn.  I have absolutely no idea what these instructions are trying to me.  They have to be the most cryptic instructions on a construction toy I've ever seen.  I look at it and I feel like I understand what I'm supposed to do, but when I try to do it the pieces don't seem to go the way.  We've had this about a week now and we still can't make it go into a car.I had thought this would be a nice change-of-pace toy for my little 7 yo engineer, but I was really wrong.  It's too complex, too hard to physically pull out some of the pieces, and just doesn't seem like a toy for children.
So, what is this thing?  Well, it's trying to be an iphone for kids.  It's a pretty sizeable device, actually - about 6"x9".  The screen itself really isn't all that much bigger than one on an iphone 5, only with far less clarity and quality.  It has "apps" - with square icons to click on.  You can slide the screen to the left or right to get to more icon screens.  You can create a "profile" so when you use the device it has your photo/settings setup.  You can use this thing to play games that are on the device or cartridges you buy, you can draw/paint, you can take photos/videos, you can listen to music.All of that would be pretty fun if it wasn't such an unresponsive, slow, clunky device to use.-Let's talk about that screen:  I, and my nephew, found it CRAZY unresponsive.  We had to press - over and over - on an icon to get it to work.  Using your fingers won't work.  There is an included stylus, in the rear of the unit, but we all know that will get lost in no time.  They do include a second one with the device, but you know that will end up in a drawer and long forgotten.  The screen's display quality isn't all that great - and I'm sure they went cheap figuring it's just a kids' toy.  But kids today expect a lot from their toys - more now than ever.  When daddy's iphone can play Elmo videos in seconds, waiting for this thing to load seems like an eternity.-Let's talk about speed:  It's SLOW. Slow to boot up, slow to load any apps - you quickly lose patience with this.  My 3 year old quickly learned to read "Loading" because you see that screen A LOT.  Even using apps - like switching colors in the paint screen to taking a photo - it's just slow.  Unresponsive.  Laggy.  I can tell they got some deal on old processors from Korea and jammed them into this thing.-Oh don't get me started on the wi-fi capability.  Again, here is where the device shows it's clunkiness.  To activate the wi-fi capability, you actually have to PLUG IT IN to your computer and download a program to your PC in order to activate / setup the wi-fi!!!  OH I was FURIOUS at that!  This is how I expect wi-fi to work on anything: you hit the wi-fi button, find your router and enter your password and BOOM, done.  But NO - this thing wants you do download more crap to your PC (spyware, anyone?) in order to register the device and activate the wi-fi.  Stupid.  STUPID DESIGN.-Typing on this thing is insane.  I tried the "Notes" app and that video keyboard is impossible to use.  I can't tell you how long it took to type out 7 words.  It almost always chose the wrong letter when I pressed on it - even when the letter I wanted was highlighted!  It was maddening.-What bothered me a lot was that we had a cartridge plugged in, but the "cartridge" icon was dim, ie: it didn't "see" the cartridge!  SO ANNOYING.-This big clunky thing will quickly become forgotten by my nephew.  For now, I'll just let him still play with my iphone from time to time....
I love Darth Vader. I love Empire Strikes Back. That is the only reason I bought this figure. I wanted the blaster effect for the hand. It is NOT worth $10. If you don't have a Vader or you want the effect, grab it. Otherwise, there are better and cheaper versions of this figure out there.
The idea of this toy is pretty cool, and of course you can see successful models from car tracks (powered or matchbox type), but this unfortunately gets boring very quickly.And considering how much of an airplane maniac my 4YO is, that is saying a lot.My biggest gripe as a parent though, is that this is a poorly constructed, flimsy plastic junk toy.  Specifically, there is a &#34;button&#34; you have to engage and disengage that supposedly holds the track together after you open a section to be able to attach a plane.  It's so poorly made, that after about 10 openings and closings of the track, it would not stay closed, essentially making the entire thing useless.We actually had another plane that fits this set (not knowing that it was even part of a set like this), so we were able to try out two planes.  For the reviewer who mentioned they wanted to try and find another plane to see two in action....don't bother.  Really no &#34;racing&#34; involved at all here, and unfortunately, not even very fun.On a positive note, I will say it was pretty interesting and fun for the first 10 minutes.  After that, I don't think any of my three kids have even looked at it.This is yet another &#34;all sizzle, no staying power&#34; toys that flood the market.Sorry to say I can't recommend this.  There is a powered car track that is AWESOME (Cars based), or I would even recommend the new, fancy Hotwheels trick tracks, which have some very cool stuff, now.  Both recommended if you want a track toy, over this.
We bought our daughter her first Innotab the Christmas that they were first released and it was her favorite gift. From the start, I was never a big fan of the touch screen since it was nowhere near as responsive as even a cheap smartphone touch screen, but my daughter was happy with it, and it kept her busy for hours. Biggest complaint for me was that it ate batteries, and the only other option was to tie her down with a power cord.Her camera broke shortly before the following Christmas, and the updated Innotab offered its own camera so we bought her and her two-year old sister each their own Innotab 2. The Innotab 2 was a mild improvement over the previous version, with a camera, microphone, and a few new apps. Turning the tablet on, the Innotab 1 would load to the user menu in 16 second, while the Innotab 2 took 26 seconds. Overall, it seemed a bit more sluggish, but it had a camera...Now, the Innotab 3 if finally here, and I was actually looking forward to what they'd offer this time, hoping for a bit more of an improvement over the Innotab 2. No such luck, as the specs on paper were not impressive. 5" screen was reduced to 4.3", slightly improved camera, and a control pad.OVERALL DESIGN: The Innotab 3 is, like the previous Innotabs, very well built... solid, and looks like it could take a few drops without issue. The new Innotab is smaller overall then the previous Innotabs, however even when my youngest daughter was 2 years old she had was able to handle the larger Innotabs just fine. Not sure if the smaller design is a positive or negative change. The first two Innotabs sported large corner bumpers made of rubber-coated plastic... the Innotab 3, due to its reduced size, no longer has the large bumpers and instead have a sliver of rubber on each corner. It remains to be seen if these reduced bumpers will greatly reduce the ability to absorb fall damage.The buttons were also redesigned. They use to have three large buttons for on/off, home, and taking a picture, along with five smaller buttons that were flush with the case and easy to press... screen brighter, screen darker, volume up, volume down, and help. The Innotab 3 has only five small buttons for on/off, volume up, volume down, help, and home. They replaced the camera button with an on-screen button that doesn't work anywhere near as well... we've found we had to press the on-screen button several times before it would take a picture. Never had that problem with the Innotab 2's dedicated button. They also dropped the screen brightness buttons, however I don't think my kids ever used them. In addition, the new smaller buttons are concave and aren't as easy to press. My daughter specifically said she didn't like the new buttons, and although the Innotab is not designed for adults, my wife and I hated them.One new addition is the 4-way control pad. I didn't like it because it feels a bit sloppy. My daughter never used it... not sure if it'll be more useful in future games.SCREEN: By far the biggest change from the Innotab 2 is the REDUCTION of screen size... when everything is getting bigger and bigger screens, VTech decided to go in the opposite direction, reducing their screen size from 5" to 4.3". (Leapfrog increased the size of their LeapPad screens from 5" to 7" this year.) The screen looks a bit sharper, but my wife and I were VERY disappointed with the reduced screen size. In addition, the video playback seems a bit unnatural. Side by side, the Innotab 2 screen looks smooth, but the Innotab 3 looks a bit jumpy, like it has a lower refresh rate. Not sure how many other people would notice it though.Another major problem with the new screen is the reduced viewing angle. With the Innotab 2, the screen looks good straight on, but loses a bit of detail and contrast as you turn it. Viewing from a 45-degree angle at any direction, you can still clearly see the screen. The Innotab 3 looks good when viewed straight on, but darkens as you increase the angle of view. At 45-degrees, it's almost too dark to see.After giving the Innotab 3 to my daughter, she was not happy with the screen size at all. Along with the buttons she didn't like too much, she opted to go back to her Innotab 2 after about an hour of playing with it.Overall, the screen is nowhere near as good as the Innotab 1 and 2. I have no idea what VTech was thinking when they made this change, but it was a really bad idea, in our opinions.CAMERA: Despite the 'upgrade' to a 2.0mp camera on the Innotab 3 from a 1.3mp camera in the Innotab 2, the camera is CLEARLY worse. My wife and I both took pictures with both the Innotab 2 and Innotab 3. After sorting through the pictures, every single picture on the Innotab 3 was MUCH darker, being able to see much less detail, even after transferring them to a PC. Taking a picture of our black dog on the Innotab 2, you can see a few features on her... on the Innotab 3, she looked like a black blob on a dark background. Very, very disappointing. My daughter had a lot more trouble with it, as trying to click the on-screen button (that doesn't respond very well) caused a lot of the pictures to be blurry.By the way, the new camera is referred to as the 'Wonder Cam', as it now has a couple of options such as frames you can add to photos, however these options are disabled if you increase the size of your photos in the settings menu.SOFTWARE: The software is pretty much identical to the Innotab 2, with addition of one game, 'Magical Bean Stalk'. Comparing the apps side-by-side between the Innotab 2 and 3, everything looks the same. The music player and video player still have very limited options and are ultra-basic in features. The user menu screen appears three seconds quicker, and a few random actions that were clocked have shown the Innotab 3 is very slightly faster then the Innotab 2, but I doubt I would have noticed it without a stopwatch.The day after we received our Innotab 3, we had some family and friends over and took the opportunity to pass around the Innotab 2 and Innotab 3... every single person thought the Innotab 2 was a better tablet.Back when we bought the first Innotab, we put a LOT of thought into whether we should get the Innotab or the LeapPad. Looking back, I think we probably made the wrong choice. The Innotab has trotted along and has now clearly taken the turn towards 'cheaper' and 'simplier', while the LeapPad's price has increased, but has the added enough features each year to make it worthwhile.Overall, the Innotab 3 is certainly no improvement over the Innotab 2. My daughters will stick with their Innotab 2s for now. Next year, I doubt my older daughter would be interested in an Innotab 4, but I'm sure my younger daughter would be. I hope by then they actually come out with an improvement over the Innotab 2, or else we will be leaping over to the LeapPad...
My son received this for Christmas 2013. Enjoyed playing this as a kid myself and fun for family.Issue I have is the product is complete garbage in design and quality. Here is why: (out of the box)1. The table did not sit flat. It was warped causing marbles to basically go 1 way.2. 1 of this hippos mouths did not open.3. The flimsiness of the entire product is astounding for what I would expect from a Hasbro product.  I thought Hasbro products were designed basically for life? I have game tables dating back to my childhood that are still in great order..
My 3 year old was really interested in this for about an hour. She thought I had given her an iPad, and doodled on it a little bit. Then she realized it wasn't an iPad and nothing she draws on it comes out very well. That was the end of that, and it has been under the coffee table with a dump truck parked on top of it ever since.
This is a nice figure overall. I'd say it is probably better for the collectors out there rather than kids. My kids made quick work of this poor figure. His hands were pulled off lightning fast. I am a toy collector, so you can imagine my horror. It's heavier and feels substantial, but the hands pull right off.  We've glued them down for now. On the plus side this was a cheaper purchase and not really a big deal.
My daughter loves Mickey Mouse, so when I saw this playset offered on Amazon Vine, I jumped on it.  I could tell from the picture it wasn't too intricate, yet I still felt disappointed after watching my daughter attempt to play with it.Some of the issues are rather basic.  The figurines, for example, cannot balance in the teeter toter or the airplane.  They fall out at the slightest movement.  This makes play difficult.  The airplane suspended from the prop and attached to the base is a good idea, and having it rotate around the base is a nice feature, but our airplane tends to detach as my daughter spins it around.  If you push down on the purple platform, a trap door opens which leads to the green slide.  More often than not, the figurine get stuck in the exit point before the slide and rarely actually makes it down the slide.All in all, this playset looked great, but it's main features simply don't work very well with the included figurines.  Had I paid for this toy, I would have been quite upset.
I purchased these for my 41/2 old daughter 4 days ago. I do realize these are not water goggles however my daughter did not and she dunked them in her pool. These are described as kid tough and I think that description should take into account that children are curious and may experiment. They are ruined. I have poured out the water and shaken them but the inside of the lenses are spotted with water right now and when those finally dry there will be water marks. If this toy is unable to be taken apart then it should be sealed. I am extremely disappointed. I also purchased the fisher price pair and sent those back b/c they are indeed blurry as a lot of the other reviewers claimed. Just a heads up.
The starting music gets very boring each time you on it to start. The game cannot last as it is monotonous and does not appeal to older children who are then expected to learn multiplication. At 7-8 years old, they are savvier than to hold this the whole day to get they practices.
These are very cute magnets and my children loved that they looked like little characters.  But several of the magnets would not work at all, so we were already not using a few letters. Then the magnets started to fall off of the letters, which poses a safety hazard for small children.  I prompty tossed them after that because it's not worth the danger of having small magnets there for a child to eat.
The 2 negatives of this Rescue Ladder Unit truck are 1)the doors do not open and 2) the ladder falls off constantly.  I don't understand why Playmobil would make a truck for action figures without doors that open.  How is a 3 year old supposed to get the firemen in and out of the truck?  We have had this truck for about 2 days and I've put the ladder back on about 200 times.  It has a major design flaw that causes the ladder to fall off when the truck is pushed or picked up.  While my son doesn't mind, I am annoyed at having to put it back on for him over and over.  Considering the price and the usual good quality of Playmobil items, this one does not measure up.  It is a dissapointment that I wish we had left at the store.  If you are debating between this truck and another firetruck, I hope this helps you make your decision.  The only positive of this truck is that the siren is not terribly loud compared to other trucks we own (Tonka and Mighty World).
Maybe I  received a bunk one but the pen was more like a paintbrush then an aqua doodle pen it will not  teach my son how to write better at all
although I picked it up from the sale but still it wasn't worth the price. The magnet that clasps the Sofia's amulet stops working after a few days since your child usually have a habit of wearing and taking it off again and again. And I don't know whats the purpose of those cards?
I bought this quite a while ago for my daughter for Christmas. The actual scooter is great for her tinier feet... but the speaker doesn't work at.  A little girl was pretty upset about this. Sad deal.
First off all, putting this thing together was a pain-lots of little pieces and things to punch out.  By the time we got it together my 4 year old was DYING to try it.  It's weird b/c Sofia isn't actually a player in the game-there is a bracelet that one player wears (that player is "Sofia")  but the bracelet isn't an accessory she wears on the show or anything-my daughter kept saying they should've made that piece her iconic necklace instead! Anyway, so as we get playing, the game gets boring very quickly and before we even finished, my 4 year old said she didn't like it! On a positive note, she is now using the backdrop with her little figurines as a town for them to play in-but as far as the game, it wasn't much fun and I'd pass on this one!
I had been interested in trying a Mega Bloks set since they are usually cheaper and we're a Lego loving family.  Well, we won't be buying Mega Bloks sets again.  This set is a disaster.  The pieces are so tiny that they are nearly impossible to put together.  They don't lock together well like Legos do and when/if you do finally get the set together, you can't play with it because everything falls apart every time you touch it.  Even the little Barbie doll is VERY small.  I was hoping for something that was half Lego type building fun and half playset fun.  I certainly didn't get that here.
Kids love to copy their dad's...and with a toy like this, it looked possible.  Then again, it's sure to lead to disappointment to some extent because the toy, while making noises, doesn't actually do anything.  While this held interest because of the &#34;new factor&#34; for a few minutes, when I'm using my tools, the kids use their own tools - the ones that can actually screw plastic pieces together, lodge &#34;nails&#34; into plastic, etc.Basically, just because I'm using a jigsaw, doesn't mean my kid does - he prefers to do similar work that actually does something &#34;look dad, I built a...&#34; than just lights up and makes noise.  Either B&D; doesn't think kids can think very abstractly, are hard up for new ideas...or maybe my kid just thinks of &#34;working with tools&#34; instead of &#34;jigsaw!&#34; and proceeds with his own fun.Wouldn't recommend this.
This a miniature copy of the REAL Simon. Perhaps I did not read the description well. It will work fine for younger children. However, I do not recommend this for adults as it is too small.
We were really looking forward to this game,  mainly because its the ninja turtles. However the excitement quickly turned into a huge let down upon the games arrival.This game is so cheaply made it isn't even funny.  It takes more time to set it up then it does to play it.  The tower is flimsy and so are the game pieces. Its made in China,  no surprise there.This thing takes up a lot of room and lost its novelty with my kids very quickly. Its not worth even half the asking price. I can't recommend this game at all, except maybe for target practice.
We love Syma helicopters and thought that this quad copter would be just as much fun. However, it broke on the first test flight. I am sure that if it was built more sturdy it would be great fun. Sadly it is just too flimsy and easily broken.
This was given to a four year old on the verge of five and he was thrilled to receive it. The excitement waned as the frustration with the blaster elements mounted. The trigger can be hard for little hands to grip and manipulate. The blasting mechanism gets stuck and there is no way to control it well when it is working without going through the five trigger pulls to get it collapse and open again. My frustration mounted as he asked for help over and over again. We give toys to have a moment's peace and childhood fun, not create more trauma and frustration all around. That said, as a shield, he loved it. The concept was strong, but there is too much work for not so smooth and long lasting action. As a nerf type blaster, it was a bust. If it weren't a Captain America toy it would probably already be in the giveaway pile, but it'll keep for a while.
Figure arrived with right arm detached from Torso. The right leg hinge at hip is so loose the figure cannot stand on its own.
When I received this toy, it was broken. The leg was snapped in half. So not technically the toys fault, but recently reordered and happy to see new toy.
This is a base kit for a kid's circuit builder toy. It's well made and even though this base kit doesn't contain many components- you need to buy more parts to make the builds useful- it does give the child a few interesting functions. So why the low rating from me? The LED lights on one of the units in this kit are way too bright. I don't think they are healthy for any child's eyes. They are really bright. I don't see a way to dim them down, hence the low rating.
As a fan of the Adult Swim show Space Ghost: Coast 2 Coast, I was glad to see a figure of the celestial phantom finally hit shelves again. The only other figure is the one by Art Asylum from years back; and depending on the quality, that figure goes from $30-$100 on amazon. So a figure for $10 seemed like a no-brainer. Unfortunately I was wrong. Where to start? First, the paint job is terrible. His cape and chin had black splotches, and the Space Ghost symbol on his chest had one giant splotch of white paint instead of two white eyes. Now, if you can find this guy in stores, you can try and avoid this problem. However, if you're ordering it online it's a crap-shoot.But who cares if there are some stupid paint splotches--it's only ten bucks, and besides, he can do that thing with his power bands, right! That's all that matters. If you can't have Space Ghost at a desk with a blue index card, then having him posed in his trademark power band move is the next best thing, right? Well guess what, Mr. Smarty Pants--you're wrong. Why? Because this poopstick of a figure can't pose in that position. *gasp* What is this nonsense, you ask? Why would they sculpt his right fingers to mimic that patented Space Ghost maneuver then? Why, oh why, sculpt that left hand in a fist and that right hand with its fingers out, ready to press that yellow button which unleashes an onslaught of space fueled justice? Why do all those things and then make it physically impossible for the right fingers to touch the left forearm?!?!?!I don't know, folks. I. Just. Don't. Know. Maybe it's because the designers at Jazwares are cruel? Maybe they're pranksters? Maybe they're just idiots? Or maybe because the designers at Jazwares are cruel idiot pranksters?The only thing that saves this purchase from being a one-star review is the Blip figure. He's not poseable at all, but his paint job is pristine. Coincidentally, the way he's sculpted allows Blip to fit securely on Space Ghosts shoulders. This is fitting as this Space Ghost figure is basically one giant monkey turd of a figure
This game has some real problems. Set up is complex, involving building flimsy game pieces with inadequate instructions. Once the pieces are created, you'll find that the game doesn't really make sense.The game involves questions like, &#34;Have you ever been pooped on?&#34; and &#34;Have you ever served a meal that made someone sick?&#34; There are also hypothetical questions, like &#34;Would you ever put all your money in the stock market?&#34; Many of the questions disqualify younger players automatically, but there are three questions on each card, so you can adjust for this to some extent by choosing questions that everyone could answer &#34;Yes.&#34; However, a game as simple-minded as this one should be for kids, and a group of children probably coudn't play it.Players answer by rotating the &#34;Truth Meter&#34; to Never, Once, Sometimes, or Always. Why is it a Truth Meter? Are we assuming that everyone has in fact been chased by a wild animal, and only the truthful will admit it? This may not be a major problem, but it confused us. Then there's the fact that most of the questions can't really be answered in terms of frequency. &#34;Would you fake your own death?&#34; for example, requires a yes/no answer. And what would it mean if you would sometimes live in the Jurassic era?Players then point to the player they think is most likely to have said &#34;Always.&#34; Points are assigned according to the answer on the Truth Meter. If, for example, the player you point to has said that he always moons people, you will receive 3 points. If you have less literal-minded people than my family to play with, this should then lead to discussions of when exactly players have drooled on someone in their sleep and the result is supposed to be much hilarity.There are green foam fingers to wear, and that might add to the fun in some circles.
After I freed this shooting shield from it's cardboard and wire prison, I looked over the instructions and handed it to my six year old. Before he could even fire a shot, the dart holders had come out of alignment and I have been unable to get them back to their proper position. Now the star in the middle of the shield is stuck in the 'up' position and won't shoot.  Pretty disappointing.
Bought for my 11 year old son - for the price it really wasn't what I expected nor he...thought it would be more of a building type of game
Baby Alive is, well, not so much.  The mechanism that allows her to talk is a complicated curling of the fingers of her hand and that action must be repeated every time you want her to talk.  Pretty hard for a toddler to do - in fact, impossible for my toddler granddaughter to do and impossible for her to remember.Clothes are part of the doll body and cannot be removed which is okay at her age but not for an older child.  Plastic hair is good for now, too, but I'm guessing an older girl would be disappointed.Not a big fan of this doll and the complicated hand manuevers.
My son was very disappointed when he opened this and found the legs to only have two points of articulation. The arms are not much better. The figure itself looks very cool though.
I was totally excited about this, but I got really disappointed when it stopped working. I would have returned it and got a new one to see if I had better luck since it really was a blast for those 20-30 minutes that it actually worked, but my 4-year-old decided it was time for the &#34;birdy to fly&#34; outside after a couple of days of me reading the instructions for the 6th time to try to fix it... again... I may try buying one again later, so don't be disappointed by this review, it really was a blast while it lasted. I keep on picturing some excited child seeing it land on their back yard after the helium wore off... I guess I can at least hope it made some other family a little happy.
I was so excited to see more Lego-like kits for girls.  My 8-year sat down today to put it together.  It was a disaster! The pieces were hard to snap together and they would not stay together.  The idea is super cute, but the design fell short.  We put 2 Lego Friend sets together today too and there is a definite difference between them.  Lego designs use the blocks to make the layer below it sturdier, this doesn't happen with the Barbie set.
Terrible.  Literally did not work out of the box.  My daughter was so disappointed on Christmas morning.  Will be returning and going to a store to purchase another brand.
My daughter loves Sophia the First.  I've been forced to watch the cartoon so much that I can sing the song and know all the characters.  I figured I would get a game that she'd love when of the appropriate age.  I have to say I'm quite disappointed.First and foremost, the number of pieces to lose is ridiculous.  Forty four cardboard castle cutouts, sixteen cards, twelve little windows, eight trinkets, seven big windows, six skinny windows, three staircase pieces, two medium windows, one bracelet, one spinning arrow, &#9835; &#9835;and a partridge in a pear tree &#9835; &#9835;.  BTW - Recommended age is 3 and up. (HA!)  Yeah, good luck keeping all of those pieces after a game or two.As for the rules, it's a two player game, so I already know my daughter is going to be Sophia and I'll be the "Hider."  There is no debating this.  From what I gather - and the instructions are somewhat convoluted for a 3 and up game - the Hider flips over a card, follows the instructions, and after all the cards are flipped over the number of trinkets ("charms") on Sophia's bracelet determine her score.  After the players replace the trinkets, flip over the cards, and switch roles (haha, that ain't happening), the game is repeated.  Whoever has the most trinkets while being Sophia wins.I'm sure this game could be fun with an imaginative and interactive parent, but the complexity doesn't really jibe with a 3-year old.  Aside from that, Sophia the character is only present on the back of the flip-cards.  She's the selling point, right?  And good luck having your daughter be the Hider.  Hey Disney and Wonder Forge game, would it have killed you to even consider making the "Hider" someone else in the game?  You know, like Cedric the Magician?  After all, he's about the only consistent antagonist on the entire cartoon.  And, he's always trying to get Sophia's amulet.  Jeez.  A little imagination please.Overall, the theme song for Sophia the First does a good job of summing up the problems with this game:"Now I gotta figure out how to do it right,So much to learn and see"Maybe a bit too much figuring out, and bit too much to learn and see.
Take a kids icon like the ninja turtles and then create a terrible game and this is what you have. The &#34;concept&#34; itself isn't bad. You build a tower, then put &#34;foot clan&#34; members all over it and then try to knock them off with a catapult launching the turtles. The concept is good and entertaining, after all that's why I opted to get this.  The execution however is far from good and the game gets really boring the more frustrated you get.The entire assembly is very very cheap, if you had children playing this, it most definitely would not last more then a handful of &#34;games&#34;. The tower is very unstable and made of cheap, thin, plastic rods and cardboard essentially. It is easily knocked over.I would not recommend this. It is entertaining for a few minutes, but it quickly looses it's luster and the quality really is terrible especially considering the price tag. I could see spending maybe $5 on this, but at the current cost of $15 its not worth it.
This item is good for the stuff inside the journal, but is horrible for the voice password.  My daughter had to keep resetting it and rerecording her password.  I was with her when she was doing it and it sounded exactly the same, but it wouldn't take it and then she would get upset because it wouldn't open.  Good concept, but not well executed.  It made for a very unhappy child.  There are some out there that are better, but I just don't think the voice password is there yet for child journals.  I would not recommend you buy this, if the excitement is over the password part and not the EAH stuff inside.
My sons absolutely loved this toy.  They spent hours playing with it.  And then suddenly, the water began leaking out the bottom.  Eventually, the only thing that worked was the sound.  It was such a disappointment because it was their favorite toy to play with.  I'm thinking that Discovery Kids isn't the best brand, because everything we've used so far has been a flop.
I always felt the best figure interpretation of the Black Adam has been the from the Democrat hands of Alex Ross in the Justice line. Upon getting this New 52 Black Adam figure, my opinion (like elbows and kneecaps) remains the same.Needless to say, I still purchased the figure at my local comic shop. It was not until I got home that I realized how little I liked the figure.  Hindsight it 20/20, but I wish that I had not been in such a rush while at the store so I would have had more time to carefully evaluate the figure to determine whether or not is was worth the purchase or not.My grandmother drove me to the comic shop and was honking her horn relentlessly to hurry up. To make matters worse, I had drunk far too much rootbeer. The store owner doesn't let anyone use the store restroom for one reason or another so I had to wait till I got to the fabric store with my grandmother before I could go. She was in a rush to pick up more fabric for the George Zimmerman Christmas Musical her church group is performing this year at the Parade Children's Academy.As for the sense of design of the character's costume it is difficult to relate to either. On one end with the Justice version, there is a grown man in tights with broad open collar and free-flowing sash that appears as if he just left jazz dance class. With the 52 version, there is a greater sense of flair in the Liberace wardrobe dropout complete with dramatic high collar, cape and even louder boots. Failure to mention the attention driven compensating size of the belt would be criminal.Being the arch-nemesis Black Adam is to Shazam, one can't help but wonder why the obsession. Perhaps the inner child of Shazam is what appeals to Black Adam. Seems to me, he may need to register as a sex offender now or take his alluring sense of style to the stage.
Bought this for my 3 1/2 year old grandson. He had a very difficult time finding the characters in the game. Looked great but wasn't so good in execution.
Save your money. My 2yr old loves it but I think it's poorly made. If it cost less than $10 then it wouldn't matter but it cost almost $20. If your child is a Doc fan don't waste your money with this doll.
We bought this and lost the 3 marbles the first day.  We couldn't figure it, we were sitting in the middle of the room with nothing around us, where did they go?  We looked, stood up, picked up the game.  I remembered what some of the reviews had said about the marbles getting stuck in necks but we couldn't see them.  The kids cried and I was so mad, you lost 3 of the 20 marbles?  In less than 20 minutes?!  Finally we took the whole game apart, there wedged deep in the necks of the orange and yellow hippos, were the 3 marbles.None of the hippos necks work well, they all get stuck and if you are capable of getting more than 8 or 9 marbles, they will even get stuck in the mouths.  The heads and necks will stick open as well, meaning you're in the middle of the game and the neck will pop up and not go back down or in.  The fun game then has to stop while the hippo's head is fixed.  This happens at least once every game.  The only person that likes playing is my 3 year old but he only likes to play it alone, not with others.  It's too frustrating to play it as a group and have your hippo's head break mid-game.On a side note, and not really important in the grand scheme of things, the game itself is too big for the box so if you want to put the game away you have to take the hippos off, I'm assuming this is not good for the cheap plastic.  For now, we've left the hippos attached.  There's also not a place to keep the marbles, no surprise though, most games don't have storage places.Eventually the game will be forgotten and I'll need to figure out what to do with it.I can only say if you're considering this game, RUN AWAY!!!  This was a favorite game of ours growing up, quality is obviously lacking.

It is poorly made but you get what you pay for. I guess I can't complain too much because my two yo likes to play with the set but some pieces are very small.
I was very excited  when I first saw this toy.  My son is recently getting into investigating everything.  He's been asking for a telescope and we've been discussing microscopes and how they work.  This seemed like a nice match of interests and toy.All I can say is that this is a very cheap and ineffective item.  My husband and I couldn't see anything through the viewer, no matter how we adjusted it.  The belt clip that comes with the Solver Scope easily falls off and my son was running to us every 5 minutes to have us fix the clip back on the scope.He played with it for an hour or two and I haven't seen him touch it since.  I'm not surprised since it doesn't even work as a telescope, let alone focus in as a microscope.There's a cool little explorers journal with it that might interest a slightly older child, but the overall toy just doesn't hold up.  There are better explorer tools out there.Shanshad ^_^
After playing with this microscope for a couple of hours, I concluded that the company spent more effort on designing the eye-catching box and graphics than in designing a usable microscope. There are several problems that make this toy too frustrating to really be useful. The first is that all the microscope "movement" pieces are plastic, and so the focus mechanism is extremely poor . . . so poor it makes the toy almost unusable.To test the device, I got a cucumber leaf from the garden that has spider mites. I found at 30 power it was extremely frustrating trying to get a view of one of the many mites on the leaf. The focus mechanism is very crude, and has many "stick and jump" spots, making smooth focus impossible. Even worse, when you try and adjust the focus, it causes the platen to move laterally, causing you to "lose" the item you were trying to focus on.If you are familiar with microscopy, you will know that it can be a challenge to get the item you are interested in into the field of view. If touching the focus knob causes the field of view to "jump" over a millimeter or so, getting a point of interest in the field of view and in focus becomes almost impossible. With some work, I was able to get a spider mite and spider mite egg into view and in focus at 30X magnification. At 30X the image clarity was marginally acceptable. The microscope needs a brighter light, as even at 30X the image is fairly dim and low contrast.I found it virtually impossible to use at 100X. It was simply too frustrating trying to get the mite into the field of view and in focus. Also, the image at this magnification was quiet dim.I am all for educational toys, and especially for getting girls interested in STEM. However, I fear that this toy is so cheaply made it would have the opposite effect.Perhaps it is just not possible to build a marginally functional microscope at this price range. In any event, I would suggest spending a little more and getting a unit that has some degree of precision in the focus.In addition, I would suggest that there are some excellent digital microscopes for not too much more money than this. A digital microscope plugged into a computer opens a wide range of interesting, fun, and educational possibilities.I wanted to like this toy, but unfortunately, I can not recommend it.
The concept is slick at least - like a suspended roller coaster, and a shuttle that rides on the track.  It actually worked quite well for the three or so minutes my son was able to play with it.Assembly is quick - 5 minutes, and it's assembled, another minute or so for stickers.  The lever movement is quite smooth, and pulling the lever spins an arm on the track that pushes against the shuttle, launching the plane along the track.It comes with two shuttles but only one plane.  Fortunately we had a Planes aircraft carrier that had another version of the plane with it that has the hole in the bottom so we had two planes right off the bat to run on this.  It can push two at once, but the prop on the rear got stuck in the tail assembly of the front one, so while they'd push, they were joined the whole run.  With good timing, you can get the one going, then drop the other from the top of the spiral, and get one flying behind the other and nudge each as it goes, keeping them both running separately.My son did enjoy it for a few minutes, but as with most toys like this, the enjoyment is limited since it gets old pretty quick.But worse than that, there's a small trigger on the bottom section that lowers the track, which is where you slide plane shuttles on or off the track.  You push it back up and the track locks into place until you press that trigger, which lets it drop again.  We used the trigger ONCE, to open the track to put the planes on, then closed the track for use.  Within a few minutes of normal use, without even TOUCHING the trigger again, it broke and the track won't stay &#34;closed&#34; anymore.The &#34;finish&#34; line part won't stay up on carpet, so if you want the planes to be able to knock that down, put this on a hard floor.They should've just used a twisting piece of plastic that turns under the piece of track that lowers, to hold it in place, rather than the mechanism they used.  Then this couldn't happen.  Meanwhile, this didn't even last for as many minutes as it took to assemble it.  I was watching him the whole time and know he didn't hit it or even bump it or do anything at all, nor did he overdo the handle for launching the planes.Had it worked, it might've been worth it for the novelty, even if it wears off pretty quick, but I'll never recommend a toy that doesn't even last 5 minutes before breaking.
Bejeweled: 2-4 Players, Ages 8+, Average Play Time = 15-30 MinutesFirstly, I must commend the game for having some pretty eye-catching components, namely the gems.  In all honesty however, that's where my accolades end as far as the components are concerned.  The box, in my opinion, is poorly shaped and made.  My game did not come with a bag as the manual suggests.  The gems and chips came in non-zip baggies that did not function well at all as storage devices.  I opted to use a large zip baggie for the gems and a small zip baggie for the chips.  The game is certainly pretty enough, but the quality of the components and storage devices leave much to be desired.Setting up the game can be problematic, as you'll have to ensure there are matches available from the get go in order for play to go smoothly.  Gameplay is a bit more streamlined, but can be a bit random.  Since players are pushing gems away from them to fill slots, it can be hard to predict how the board may end up by the time your turn rolls around again.  When I play match-3 games on the PC, I at least have some control over the board and can set up chains appropriately.  The rules themselves could use more work and be a bit clearer, especially when players can't make a match.  For example, I personally don't think it's fair to replace the four center gems randomly and then not be able to move to make a match, if one existed.  Luckily, we had the ability to play how we wanted since the game seemed flexible enough to allow it.Overall, I could only really recommend Bejeweled to families who like casual games.  It's hard to develop any sort of strategy in this game as you never know what your opponents will do on their turn.  I liked how flashy the pieces were, but disliked the way they were packaged.  It's almost like the developers put all of their money into making the gems look good but ran out when it came time to produce everything else.  The lack of a bag in my copy rubbed me the wrong way.  To sum this up, Bejeweled isn't bad, but I've seen better.  The game came with an exclusive download code for Bejeweled 3 on the PC which was worth $19.99 on Pop Cap's site, so I suppose the purchase was worth it in a round-about way.  On the other hand, the code itself is good for one download only and expires 12/31/13.  Really?  One download?  Try harder Pop Cap...
This is a really weak offering from Lego. What happened is this: they released a far superior version of Jabba's Sail Barge back in 2006 (Lego number 6210) and it became a very popular set after it was retired. So, naturally they wanted to re-release the set in some form. Instead of improving the set, however, such as what Lego did with sets like Jabba's Palace 4480 (which became the much better 9516), Lego decided to release a vaguely similar (yet worse) set in order to shamelessly capitalize on pent-up demand for a Sail Barge set. The result is the set you see before you. It is less faithful to the design of the sail barge in the 1983 film than the 2006 set, and the minifigure selection and piece count are fairly weak for a $120 set as well. In short, I highly recommend that you pick up a nice used set (or new if you don't mind paying a lot extra) of the 6210 version. They are selling for only a little more than this set on the used market and they are a much better design. Don't even get me started on the fact that this set lacks a Sarlacc pit; what a wasted opportunity. This is an overpriced and underwhelming set and I recommend avoiding it.
Master Splinter seems like a difficult character to mess up.  He's a anthropomorphic rat in a (usually maroon) robe with some cool ninja weapons and a walking stick.  The mentor and sensei of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Splinter has always been a part of nearly every turtles toy line released.  He's usually been a cool figure, as well.  Unfortunately, this version of Master Splinter is quite weak.  I'm disappointed by this figure, and if you have any expectations for Splinter, I imagine you will be too. As always, here's my positives and negatives about this figure:Positives:*The figure is painted nicely.  While the body paint is somewhat minimal, the face is extremely detailed, especially for a mass market toy aimed more at kids than collectors.*Good quality here. The figure is not going to break, all the joints are tight, and everything works the way it should.Negatives:*Right off the bat, this figure neither looks like the Master Splinter we've always loved nor does he look like the Master Splinter on the new Nickelodeon cartoon which this figure is based off.  Actually. he doesn't even look like the Splinter on the packaging which is really surprising. Perhaps there was a mistake or paint swap in production?  We'll have to see if we ever find a corrected version on shelves.*Splinter's package proclaims that he comes with a "Ninja arsenal." That's a pretty odd way to describe his walking stick.  I'm sure Splinter is adept at fighting with it, but I'm not sure anyone would refer to it as an arsenal.*Splinter's tail is a separate piece that often falls off.  It's a little annoying.Overall:While I find myself really liking Playmate's new TMNT line, Splinter seems to me the weakest figure of the bunch.  Only one accessory, limited articulation, and a really bizarre look definitely don't help.  Don't judge the rest of the figures by this one, but only pick Splinter up if you're a completest or absolutely must have a Master Splinter for your collection.
I am not rough on product reviews, if o can't decide I usually round up but I hate this toy.My daughter is 2 so didn't expect much when grand mum bought this. She likes it.The people who designed this are ridiculous. The roller coaster falls apart, the pretzels and cash register have no where to sit, the roll coaster car has a seat belt in it that is impossible to get the mini's in.I am 26 and this toy is impossible. Luckily my toddler doesn't care.
I bought this for my 7-year old who is really very coordinated.  She has used another version of this toy in the past and enjoyed it, so I thought this set with lights and game included would be fun.  it was nothing but frustrating for her and me.  She had a very hard time keeping the momentum going on this, due to it's size and weight.  The ring that goes around your ankle is very generous in size, which meant it easy flew off her leg and hit things around her -- even people.  And since it's not lightweight, when you get hit or she misses and hits her other leg, it hurts!  Definitely cannot be used without shoes on.  The light feature works intermittently and is not intuitive, so again frustrating for her.  Disappointing gift, especially given the price tag.  Ended up with $8 plastic set from Target that worked well with no frustration!
Okay - Who doesn't like Pictionary?  Sadly, this game doesn't live up to it's predecessors.As a side note - there is no storage box for this product.  The product is packaged in clam shell plastic and once removed, you have a 2 piece yellow and white storage base (for the playing cards, die, timer, and marker) and the plastic clear frame that fits on top of the storage base.  If you're finicky about games always returning to the box you'll need to get over it as there is no storage box for the pieces.The timer only allows 30 seconds to draw the picture and have it guessed by the opposing team.  Seriously - 30 seconds?  What kid (or adult for that matter) can produce a drawing and correctly guess the clue in that limited amount of time?  The timer is worthless and we resorted to using the timer on a cell phone rather than to keep flipping the timer over for more time.The marker provided is painfully inadequate.  It is very VERY light and does not provide crisp bold lines.  If you are interested in this game, you are better off using the Neon dry erase markers (which show up GREAT) or some other dry erase marker as the one provided can barely be seen (we used Quartet Glo-Write Neon markers and the EnduraGlide markers - both are for dry-eraser boards).  The provided marker (as well as our personal markers) leave the screen cloudy after it is cleaned.  You will need to really buff the screen with a damp cloth and then dry it before each use before moving onto the next team's turn.  Since the screen doesn't clean quickly, this slows down the game.Another downside to this game is that it is designed to be played in teams.  If you have only 2 kids - they will be unable to play it by themselves without significantly improvising the rules.  You'll therefore need 4 or more players to develop 2 teams.The difference in this game is that the playing cards are broken down into 3 categories:  Action frame (draw the clue and use the frame to &#34;act&#34; out the clue), mirror/mirror (the person drawing the clue doesn't use the marker - they use their finger and the other team member uses the marker on the other side of the clear screen to trace their partner's finger to create the drawing), and classic (simply draw the picture - and your team provides guesses).  You roll the provided die, select the playing card of your choice and the number on the die outlines what clue you draw (roll a 6 and you pick from the 5 clues).  The first player who acquires one card of all three categories (action, mirror/mirror, and classic) wins.  Opposing teams can challenge and win cards from their competitors by correctly guessing the answer after the time has run out.The age of play suggests 8 and above.  Many of the clues are way out of the ballpark for kids that are younger.  For example, some of the clues for Action include:  Get Sworn-in, grease the wheel, catch a greased pig, deliver a eulogy, etc.  Clues for the mirror/mirror included:  comet, ladle, menorah, contact lens, and queen bee.  Clues for classic included: ferret, goth, hair raiser, stumbling block, etc.  In other words, many of the clues are really difficult - and they expected you to draw these clues in 30 seconds.My kids (age 7 and 10) got bored very quickly and we often had to help explain what the clue was (which further complicated the game as the person helping obviously couldn't challenge and possibly steal the card since they already knew the answer).This game wouldn't be my first selection if I wanted to play Pictionary.  If you are playing with adults - it will be very challenging.  If you want to include kids - it's almost impossible to keep their interest due to the frustration of trying to draw the difficult clues.If you choose to purchase this game, I would encourage you to definitely be open to modifying the rules (based upon age level playing) and replace the timer and the marker.
I bought this for my 5 year old, hoping to get him off of my ipad but my 5 year old barely touches it.  Bummer thing is It was in stores at same time for 1/2 the price, I should have done my homework on this one.  It arrived so close to Christmas, no time to return it and buy something else.  I bought a pink one for my 2 year old and just not appropriate for her..  emailed customer service and they told me I could get a $30 promotion .. I think I got $17 and they said it was done.  I should have returned it :(. A waste of $80
The minimum age for this product is 3 years old, so I had a reasonable expectation that it would be fun for a just-turned-four-year-old.  Not so.Overall, I think it's an interesting idea.  It lies flat, and is probably easier to transport than a keyboard or drum form factor.  It is inspired by tablet computing.  However, the lack of knobs and keys made it difficult for my child to grasp its purpose.When I showed him how it was used, he said it was a boring toy.  This is a boy that loves music, that likes to dance, play with a real drum and ukelele.  After seeing this toy, he asked me if we could use the REAL keyboard (a synthesizer I own) instead.Overall the product felt like it was trying too hard to be educational.If marketed at very young children - 1-3 - it might be a good toy.
I was not impressed with the Darth Vader Figure because it didn't talk...I thought that it was going to say a few words....It was a nice size and my grandson liked the figure....but paying that much for a doll....not good....
This kit is very cute and the instruments inside are cute but the bag itself is very hard and extremely difficult to open, even for an adult, let alone &#34;little hands&#34;! My 4 year old gets so frustrated every time she tries to open it, she has to call me to do it. It's so skinny it's hard to get the things in and out of it, too. It's very cheap plastic and I guess it's all about the marketing so it looks good. But I don't think I'd buy this again
I had initially posted a 5 star review on this item. However, that was before this was opened and used. It was a Christmas gift for my 10 year old daughter. It did arrive quickly and the packaging looked good.However, now for the cons. The loom/board broke within a week of her using it. I super glued it back together and that lasted a few more days. The rubber bands that come with this seem to be thin and break easily. It's frustrating for my daughter to complete a bracelet and start carefully take it off of the loom and have rubber bands break. She then has to take everything apart and start all over. She's careful with it too.At the time of placing this order I wasn't all that familiar with these bracelet making kits. I've done more research and ordered her one straight from the name brands website. It was affordable and shipping was under $1.50. Can't beat that!!Ahh well so this wasn't a hit. Lesson learned. This is one of those cases that you get what you pay for.
My granddaughter has not had this long enough to test its durability, but it appears to be rugged.  It is highly rated among cameras for children, and it is easy to hold and apparently durable.  However the controls--the array of buttons on the camera body--are too sensitive.  This combined with the superfluous games and effects can make simply taking a picture difficult because the camera is frequently put into the wrong mode by a stray brush with a button. A second hand point and shoot camera might be a better choice for many children.  This camera has a tiny display compared to those on recent point and shoot cameras.  If the child is actually interested in taking pictures I feel this camera is not the best choice.  However as what is probably a rugged camera-like toy with some built in games it's probably better than most.
This is the Iron Patriot, as how he appears in the movie, Iron Man 3. Kind of a change from the comics, as in the comics? the Iron Patriot is piloted by Norman Osborne and is a villain. In the movie? the Iron Patriot is piloted by Tony's friend James Rhodes and is an update of the War Machine armor. Got that? Okay, on to the figure!If you're lucky enough to own the War Machine toy from either the Iron Man 2 Wal*Mart exclusive or the Iron Man: Armored Avenger series, you are going to be disappointed as this toy comes nowhere close to the level of quality that toy had.Articulation wise? the Patriot has head, shoulder, mid-bicep, elbow (double joint), wrist, abdomen, hips, thigh, knees (double joint), and ankle articulation. Bad news? Is that because of the mold, the ankle articulation is useless as his armor makes moving his feet impossible. The wrist articulation is also hindered by the piece of plastic on the back of his hand, rendering repulsor poses unworkable. Shoulder movement is hampered by the shoulder pads - you can move them but it causes the pads to lift up and look awful. Finally, the head movement is also limited. All of this together gives the toy a very stiff and awkward feel.Paint apps are pretty good, right down to the tiny lettering on his breastplate and insignias on his left arm. There is a little slop to be found on the elbows, but that's all I could see. Detail wise? The figure does alright as it does capture the complicated look of the armor.The shoulder mounted gun weapon is problematic. First? it looks kind of wimpy. Second? It's attached to the figure by pegs, not a slide groove. This kind of limits what you can do with the gun.This toy also comes with the left arm to the Iron Monger build a figure.Overall? If you have War Machine? I would say pass on this figure. It came really close to being a nice offering from Marvel Legends, but with the issues I described above? I really can't recommend this toy.
Compared to the original Slinky, the &#34;Giant&#34; version is the same diameter, however, it has approximately one third fewer coils. Stored energy and momentum are reduced to the point this new version will not descend stairs or moved from one vertical plane to the next.
With three young girls at home, one being a huge Monster High fan, the kids were quite excited and had high hopes for this playset.  After getting a lecture from my 8 year old on the difference between Monster High and Ever After High and the origins of Briar Beauty, I realized I was in over my head and just moved onto the assembly portion on the set.Assembly for me took just under 20 minutes.  I had no specific issues except I did not realize the "spine" of the book was actually a storage area where the bed was stored.  Also, the railing at the very top of the set was missing in my set, or it is hidden well enough that I never found it.  While I did not spend any time playing with the set, my impression of the set was not very favorable.  To me, the set seemed flimsy and not very sturdy.  I then turned it over to my three children to test.8 year old:  My eight year old really liked the doll and accessories.  However, they specifically said that they thought the house "was a mess".  They also commented that it was hard to get the mask on the doll.  They gave the set 3 stars, attributing most of the rating toward the doll, which they loved.10 year old:  Their exact words are "I wouldn't give this as a present to anyone."  They hated the fact the DJ stand in the house was made out of paper and they felt the set would not withstand any significant usage.  They also mentioned they thought the hands pop off the doll real easy.  They gave the set 1 star.6 year old:  Similar to my 10 year old, my 6 year old did not like the fact the DJ stand was made out of paper.  They commented that it was really hard to get the doll in the DJ stand and have the DJ stand keep the right shape.  They only gave the set 1 star as well.Personally, I do think the set feels cheap and I am disappointed that it came missing a piece.  I will give the set some kudos for the overall design, how the bed is stored, and how compact the set can become for storage.  However, I was just not impressed with the execution of the idea.  If I had paid the current price of $49.99, I would have felt a little ripped off.  I would give the set 3 stars, but I am deducting a star for the missing piece, giving the set a rating of 2 stars.After having the set for several weeks, it pretty much sits on the side unplayed with.  My children also got theBarbie Sisters Life in The Dreamhouse Camperaround the same time and that playset is still being used on a daily basis while this one collects dust.Averaging all our ratings together, as a family, we gave the set a mean rating of 1.75 stars which I will round up to 2 stars.
I am a fan of modeling clay art projects for kids. I Also like the way this "doh" product is applied to the canvas (a nifty squeeze gun applicator). However, the case is fairly useless beyond it's capacity as a girly portable plastic box. That leaves you with 4 cardboard "canvases" (two templates and two blank), the squeeze gun applicator and 3 "doh" cartridges.The really fun part of this toy is the gun and doh cartridges. The cartridges are small and not refillable so my kid went through them pretty quickly. The "doh" is not regular playdoh, but a softer version. It smears pretty easily and can turn into a royal mess on tables and upholstery so close supervision may be needed depending on your kids. If I was going to buy more of this toy, I would not do another kit, but just the gun and cartridges. That is where the fun isDohVinci Deluxe StylerThanks for reading, I hope this review is helpful!
The product is extremely overpriced [by MGA] and is just another one of their tacky cocycat products to cash-in onto the popularity of another company's brand.The clothes are made of poor quality fabrics, poorly designed, and poorly sewn.Save your money and get the product these are mimicing, Monster High's Create A Monster.
The Pok&eacute;mon Battle Arena wasn't all we were hoping it would be.Now, it was ready pretty much ready to go once I opened the package (which was nice).  Batteries were included.  You do have to attach a scoreboard, but that's pretty easy.  The set came with three small Pok&eacute;mon, but they are not the most popular by any stretch.  My daughter was a little disappointed that none of her favorites was included.The set does come with instructions, but you'll need a magnifying glass to read them.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that I think it's at most a 3 point font - they try to squeeze in the instructions for every major (and minor) language on earth onto one instruction booklet.You have the option to play a two player game or to play against the computer.  There are two little switches on the front where you can make that selection.  Please note that there are small raised markings in the same grey as the basis arena, so they can be hard to see.  You take your little Pok&eacute;mon character and put it on the platform inside what they refer to as the Pok&eacute; Ball (at least I think that's what the instructions said - seriously little print!).  Then, you select a power type, using the handy little cards.  There are the basics like grass, water, electric, and ice and some more exotic ones like poison, darkness, and ghost.You are then supposed to push the little red button and thrust your Pok&eacute;mon forward when it's your time to battle.My daughter and I battled many times and she also battled the computer.  The power of the strikes didn't seem to often correspond to the number of points and, frankly, who won or lost ended up just being a surprise every time.  It felt very random.  The lights in the center of the arena appear to be LED and look a bit old fashioned when they light up, though the fireworks when you win are kind of cool.Honestly, to make this one lasting fun, you really need to know the individual attacks your Pok&eacute;mon can do and use a lot of imagination.  While the lights and sounds are fun, my daughter and I eventually had more fun just removing the figures and staging our own little battles.Final thoughts:You really need to know and love Pok&eacute;mon in order to enjoy this one.  You need to be cognizant of various attack modes and what your Pok&eacute;mon can and cannot do.  Even then, with the seeming randomness of who wins and loses, you might find that you just have more fun battling without it.
Bought this figure as a cake topper for my grandson's second birthday who loves the Power Rangers.He ended up eating the figure and we rushed him to the E.R. to get it removed. Finding a parking spot was easy when we got to the E.R. It appeared to me that we would be able to get him taken care of real quick with so few people there.  When we rushed inside the E.R, it was packed with people and a few livestock animals.It turned out that there were Mexicans who carpooled there to stand  around and pray for one of them having a baby.  Honestly, I doubt they knew which one was actually in labor since several of them appeared to be "great with child." After the sound of baby being born, about forty more showed up with food, DJ (including his sound system) and a donkey to celebrate.We were finally seen and the figure had to be pumped out of his stomach. The figure was not worth keeping after being removed from the stomach in several pieces. Nurse Conway felt bad about making us wait so long and brought us some tasty cake made with goat milk from the festivities in the other room.
Instructions are terrible.Pieces are all wrong - like tons of 1x1 squares that you use as 2x2s...Really hard to put together.The hose is kinda of an OK piece to add to your building blocks for other stuff - the rest are pretty terrible.Stewie is cool. If this was $1 - it might be worth it just for Stewie.
We homeschool our kids so we are always looking for fun ways to teach our kids about math.  I would not recommend this game in any way and would encourage you to purchase many other math games which are fun, a great example being Shut the Box.  This is not a game but simply a new set of math triangles to make over and over.  My kids are 5, 6, and 9.  My 5 year old struggled to play as she is just learning addition and my 6 and 9 year old did not enjoy the "game" because there truly isn't a fun game aspect to this.  We will not play this again.
I bought this for my grandson's 4th birthday.  It was so flimsy that we had to reset it 4times in 5 minutes.  The pillars fell over on their own (on a hardwood floor).  The 6 yr. old also quickly lost interest.  My husband could not believe the price considering what was provided in the box.  I would not recommend this toy.
Who doesn't love angry birds?  Well, if you're only experience of it was this set, you'll probably not love them so much anymore.UNBOXING:This package was my only package from Amazon that came to me without an external box.  It had postage stickers directly affixed to the box, obscuring the box art.  Additionally, the box was delivered opened, and I'm not quite sure that all the pieces were included.  This is the one time that I think Amazon dropped the ball on packaging--usually, they over-pack their boxes.REVIEW:So the box came to me opened and possibly missing pieces.  Due to the damage of the box, the instructions were also messed up.  I couldn't see exactly how to put anything together.  So I used the box art--but wait, that was obscured by the postage stickers.After a short while, I created what I thought was the King Pig Castle (with a little help from the internet).  However, it barely stayed together without an angry bird being launched at it.  The catapult is also a loose object, so firing the angry birds is rather awkward.  And when you destroy the castle, it takes forever to put back together again.The only good things were the angry birds and the pigs themselves.  My kids like playing with them like action figures, but not with the castle.  We also have the Star Wars Angry Birds Jenga set, and that by far outdoes this set.OVERALL:If you are a die-hard angry birds fan, get this.  If not, I wouldn't--it's not put-together well, and is a bit of a pain to play and put back together for the next round.  I don't recommend this set.
My grandson LOVES all things (Pixar) "Cars", and I was looking forward to him playing with this.  After taking it out of the box and trying to put it together, I've decided not to give it to him.I'm surprised this made it to market with as stringent as Disney is in quality control on anything that carries it's name, and in this case, Pixar's as well.  This could easily have been a prototype from which they were still going to work out the bugs, for as badly as it performed.  But, this is the final product as it is. That is, if you get past assembling the thing.I've NEVER seen such a poorly executed instruction sheet in my life.  And calling it an instruction sheet is generous.  Sure, you would think that any adult could figure out how to put this together (certainly NO kid could do it), but once you have it together it looks wrong, even though it's right.  The problem is, the pieces don't meet and fit together as they do in the photos, so you think you've done it wrong.After assembly, I just couldn't get the track to perform its tricks.  It's supposed to flip as the cars (only one provided) goes over a certain spot, and it doesn't.  There's a manual switch at one end of the track to flip the track, and that didn't work. There's a red button to push to propel the car up the ramp, and THAT only worked three out of ten times.  When it did work, it didn't always get the car all the way up the ramp, and when it did, the car wouldn't flip completely, and ended up on it's top most of the time, which totally defeats the entire purpose of this toy.It's a sad disappointment, and a bad mark on Disney and their usually stellar marketing and products.
Price matters.  At $50, even if it always worked, this would be overpriced.  At $25, working only occasionally, it still isn't worth the money.  The toy's plastic construction might charitably be described as shoddy.  The figure (which serves as the game cartridge) doesn't slip easily into place and the door which shuts to begin the game easily jams.  Connecting to the TV isn't as easy as you might hope and when it connects, the color resolution on the games is poor.As for the games themselves, I can only comment on the included Optimus Prime games.  They are all pretty basic running and dodging games and the graphics might be retro if my four year old had strong memories of 80s video games.  Overall, this didn't add up to more than a day or two of play before it took its place on the shelf where it'll gather dust for the foreseeable future.
Out of the box, 2 motors would not work. I've tried other quad copters and a conventional copter. All either wouldn't work right out of the box or died shortly thereafter. All had &#34;Made in China&#34; stamped on the bottom. Need I say more? Buy American or save your money
We have a lot of Micro Drifters and some of the race sets like the Motorized Super Speedway and Design Speedway. My grandson and I have lots of fun with these.So I decided that this looked like fun too. Well, the toy works some times. It uses kid power to hurl the cars up the ramp by pushing on a knob. On the radiator springs side of the toy, they have a flat surface attached at the top of the upward ramp. Many times it seems the car hits it and slides back down. I took it off and the cars went up cleanly most of the time, but you run the risk of cars flying off the product this way.The toy has one trick it does. When it is in radiator springs mode if you go down the center lane the track flips to a Piston cup speedway. The top half always flipped for me using the the lane director as the trigger. The lane at the bottom uses a brown flap that unlocks the lane and a gray director to trigger flipping the lane. It flipped maybe once every 10 times for me, leaving the track inoperative since the parts do not match when only the top half flips. It leaves a giant gap. Once it flips to the Piston cup speedway, it stays there. I found that the blue lane has a blue tab that is triggered by the lane director. I took an emery board and shaved a couple strokes at a time until it worked. About then, the kid powered booster fell apart. After digging a small metal piece and the gray plastic piece that fits on the end of the screw drive from the bottom of the housing, I put it back together, but it seems like it isn't as powered as it was before. Doesn't seem possible but it does. Since there is a small cylindrical metal piece holding the end of the spring together, I can see why it fell apart. If you push down on the button without allowing it to come all the way back to the top, it looses tension and the metal piece can work its way out. If they spent an extra nickel and screwed it on, it wouldn't fall out. Lastly, I tried many different cars on the track. I had less than stellar results getting the cars to traverse the track consistently. Many times they turned sideways and were stuck or just wouldn't go up the up ramp and slid back down. This was such a downer product, I placed it in the trash.The Motorized super speedway is a far superior product.I have rated other toys in this series very highly so I am disappointed with this one. Maybe your luck will be different. If not, I think I have given some tips on how to get it working if you have the same problem.
Just look at the cover of this box and you can see that the car looks lame.Cardboard roof top?  LOL... I don't see that lasting long.Unmatching colors for roof (yellow, gray, and green).  Why not mostly red?And finally, to get Peter in the car, you have to pull the top off then put it back on.I'd rather play with Legos.
This figure is in good condition, no problem getting it, but the figure itself... Hasbro claims they vomited rainbows on these guys because they'll attract kids to buy it. That's nice, hear that kids? Hasbro thinks you're too stupid to appreciate details and quality, and think that the only way you'll buy anything is if they put on bright, shiny colors! For those who WANT the color correct figures, you'll have to fork over 100 bucks plus shipping from Japan! For figures that aren't even worth it in the end! These guys are a waste of plastic, and deserve a remodel/voyager scale. Hasbro, read this text carefully, since all you care about is money, you'll get double the money if you charge 20 bucks for 5 guys, think about it!
Crayola has the sort of elementary nostalgic branding that recalls first boxes of crayons.  It is a successful brand that spans generations, and that typically be counted on to both encourage and entertain.  So why they would slap the Crayola brand on this dud, I can't even speculate.  The Crayola Light up Dry Erase set, is a dry erase board that is backlit. It also includes eight crayons.  Here's some of the issues my eight year old and I identified with this toy:-The dry erase crayons are hard to erase.  It takes some effort! Even once done, some traces remain permanently. Although it preserves your drawing longer, it defeats the purpose of a draw erase board.-Complicated.  My kid is fairly intuitive and builds Lego toys and models and assembles her own toys most often.  Yet she needs assistance setting up this toy.  There are a lot of pieces involved in the set up and you have to align the thing just so to switch backgrounds (from black to white).-4 AA batteries, required, not included.  Batteries should be included on all toys period.  No problem replacing, big problem obtaining 4 batteries to even to begin to use the toy.-Inferior quality.  The frame is cheap flimsy plastic and the white board itself is cardboard.-The sizing is off.  The crayons are jumbo and the screen is smaller than a sheet of paper, so you can't really do much more than doodle.  Smaller crayons (orthin markers) OR a larger board would have been better.-Not a lot of fun.  This one is subjective, but my child spent more time setting up the board then actually playing with it.In the end, your doodle does look kind of cool once backlit, but my kid and I agree, it isn't worth the effort.
First of all, the title of this product is misleading. It uses crayons. It's not dry erase in the sense most people think of, with markers.Where should I start with things I disliked most about this product? The plastic frame is so cheaply made; it feels like it will break or fall apart if it's dropped or the screen pressed on too hard. and that's just with me using it, not a child who's moderately hard on toys. Really, it feels like $0.10 worth of plastic is all Crayola used. Terrible construction. If it wasn't a Vine product, I'd send it back.The crayons aren't that easy to erase. After drawing on it a few times, my 7-year-old son gave up because erasing it took too much effort, and I have to agree. After using the screen heavily, the crayons leave a film behind, which makes it look cruddy -- especially in its glow-mode. Since I assume the crayons are specially designed for this product, should you lose them, the toy is useless.The backlit "glow" leaves something to be desired. It uses two small lights on the bottom left and right of the frame. The glow effect is decent, except for dark a triangular void between the lights at the bottom. It really needed a third light in the middle. The lights have three modes: normal, slow fade, and flashing. In my opinion, it's too little to make up for its lack of quality.I cannot recommend this toy. For a reusable drawing board, get your child a MagnaDoodle. A pad of paper and crayons/markers/colored pencils works too, and it's far less expensive than this disaster.
The Hot Wheels Wall tracks Roto-Arm Revolution is one of the funnest toys my son has. The only problem is that it keeps falling off the wall. We have other toys that were made to stick to the wall that have worked just fine. This though is one of the heavier toys and the track usually falls withing a few minutes of being placed on the holders. We've had to finally drill anchors into the wall to hold everything in place. It was worth the investment for us but if you are looking for something that will actually stick to your wall and stay this isn't it.
AND also easy to fall apart. I dont even remember my son playing with it at all. I think all he wanted were the mini fugires. Some machines that come with them is just a waste of money. I wish Legos sold minifugures by themselves.
My niece got this for Christmas from Santa. Such a disappointment. We should have read reviews before purchasing. The floors are cardboard and the plastic of the entire toy is so thin. The stairs fall off each and every time you take your figurine up or down them leaving a very frustrated 3 year old. Disney usually makes quality products. Can't say they did it in this case
This item has the brightest light I have ever seen on a toy! I would not recommend this toy for young children! But,if you like being blinded by a 3 year old &#34;playing&#34; with their toy, then this is for you... DON&#34;T BUY THIS TOY!
I buy a lot of Legos and owned almost all the City vehicles. This one is by far the worst design created and definitely not for a child to play. I think the designer wanted to add a lot of features to it to make it as real as possible. As a result there are a huge amount of moving parts in this toy that surprisingly only connected with the very least amount of studs (some even connected with one or two studs).The bad: It falls apart constantly.The good: Barrel does works and it does move little cements out of the barrel.  Two mini figures and 8 wheels are great for other Lego projects.Here are the parts that moves and breaks easily1) Front of the truck can be tilted forward down. The whole front is connected to the bottom with hinges on the front. Not a good place to pick the truck up.2) Cement mixer's front is connected with too many moving parts. The cement barrel can spins, and is connected with a round 4 studs Lego, which connects to two Lego Technics gears.  The piece is connected with only 4 studs on a piece that is attached with hinges to the chassis. There is also another moving part to tilt and angle the cement truck.  The barrel constantly falls out so I used a longer technic piece and some other technic pieces to make it stay. It worked. However, another part where the it's connected to still falls apart. I wish Lego has a special piece that just angles the cement mixer than all these little pieces that constantly disconnect.3)The end of the cement mixer has moving part that connects with 2x1 hinges. It is a side way build with the hinges moving up and down and act as a blocker to prevent little "cement" flying away when you spin the barrel. I don't think this is necessary as it doesn't really serve any real play purpose. Oh, it falls apart too!4) Finally the cement floor where the cements roll down is also a moving part, connected side way with a 2x1 part to the chassis, and with some technic pieces and a hinge. It goes up and down, left and right. It falls off the chassis easily.If anyone of you figure out a way to rebuild it to make it stronger and better, kindly let me know!
Junk! Please don't waste your money on this! Your kids will be so excited, because it's Sofia the First and the box makes it look so fun and inviting. However, it is complete junk. It is made of flimsy plastic, that snaps extremely easily. Sofia's head pops off. It only comes with Sophia, a tiny basket that doesn't open, a tiny rabbit and a toy castle and bed. The stairs broke off almost immediatley. The musical stand that you place Sophia on, only works about 25% of the time. I took this toy out of my preschool class because it only served to annoy and frustrate my kids! What a piece of junk!
These bands break so easily. My kids get so frustrated because in the middle of a making a bracelet, one will just snap causing them to start over. I would not buy them again.
I have a son who loves the Cars movies, and loves playing with cars of any sort.  So I thought this would be a good thing to try.Many people complain about the assembly instructions.  I had no problems with them.  It's very clear how it goes together.Others have complained about how flimsy it is, so I was expecting really flimsy.  It wasn't.  Ours holds together just fine.  Nothing ever came apart.So assembly was quick and easy, only took a few minutes.Where it's a fail is in the performance of the toy itself.  The lower level track (only use it on hard floor, this will NOT work on carpet) actually lets the car do three to five laps around it.  There are simply external boundaries for the inner track that force the car to run in a figure 8 underneath the track.  That part works fine, the car just pushes against the plastic guide on the outside and that forces it to go where it should, there's no "track" on the bottom.  But the top track, the one that has the "Winner's Circle" and everything, is a complete disaster.  Even with me cranking it as fast as it will go, the car *sometimes* can complete a single lap up there.  More often than not, the "trick" parts of the track screw things up and the car stops there...The winners circle part has a spring inside that snaps it into place onto the track when you decide the race is over and press on the Piston Cup up there.  Until that point it's rotated so as to not interfere with the race.  Press the Piston Cup, the spring rotates it into place so it can capture the car.  There's a small clear plastic piece that then pops up so the car finishes out the remainder of it's energy spinning around in it.  That part works fine, but the odds on the car having any energy left to make it that far even on the first lap are poor...If you have correctly sized cars that can sit in the "observation area", when the car spins in the winners circle, that makes little pieces of the track under the spectators move, so that it looks like they're moving up and down cheering.  My son would've been more impressed had they simply had a plastic piece with a sticker of people that moved up and down since at least that would work more consistently.All in all, a fail on the upper track, even if the lower track works alright.  Definitely not worth the purchase.  The lower track is the only reason it even gets two stars.  If it were just the top track that was part of the race here, I would've given one star.
I spend more time assemble this toy that the time my son played with chuck tornado, the toy has good quality and the design is nice, bright colors but was boring.
My toddler used this rarely.  Mostly it just sat on the couch in the family room, but it was broken in less than a month.  Yes I did try replacing the batteries, but it is just broken.  It was a very expensive toy, so I'm not happy.
this item is not at all what we expected. we thought our niece would be able to make braclets but she was unable to make them. had we known this we would never have bought this for her
This is a complex toy with mechanical, electronic and blue-tooth (like) capabilities.  Its multiple functions make it relational and engaging.  It is also brightly colored, soft and animated-looking.  Perfect, right?I did the research and bought 16 AA batteries, knowing it would eat a set of four every 15-24 hours of playing time (not including resting).  I knew there was no off-switch, so purchased a plain white cardboard box for my daughter to make it a bed, so that it would be quiet at night.  I lined up the the app for her iPod.  I bought her the color she was longing for, set up a playdate with her friend's Furby after Christmas, and wrapped the desire of her heart and put it under the tree.  It was her one present from Santa.  All set, right?The problem for our family is the "rogue" mode.I was with my daughter today when it "went rogue" and can assure you she was not trying to make it turn mean or do mean things to it and the thing turned evil right before my eyes.  I couldn't calm it down either.  It freaked her out, like Chucky (if you remember him). The Instruction sheet was appallingly vague ("play with your Furby and see how the personality changes") and the website even more lacking in information.  For a $55+ gift, this was frustrating. I took the batteries out, held down the reset button, etc.  It still powers up in rogue mode.  No help on Tiger's site, Hasbro's site, customer service number was closed today, and am waiting back for an email.The problem: I am not going to pet and play with the freaking thing for "six days" (read from other customer comments) until he snaps out of the rogue mode.  Neither am I going to reset the thing every few days (if it's possible).  And I am not going to hand it back to her unless I know what to tell her not to do so it doesn't go rogue.  She was not being loud, rough or mean to it... unless petting and feeding and singing loves songs to it... is evil.All she wanted was to make it dance and talk to it and was delighted that it had started saying some English words, like "finally!"  Now the thing won't power out of Freaky Mode.  Seriously, there no options on this toy, like a switch to set it between the child-friendly modes and the full range of personality modes.I won't ever recommend this toy until this glitch is addressed and fixed.What a holiday cave-in for a little girl nervous to go to bed tonight.
My granddaughter was so excited when she would see the commercials for Stuffies.  I bought the Stuffie which was suppose to come with a Prize on the inside, but did not.  It has gotten thrown in the toy box and forgotten within 2 hours of receiving it.  There is not much that you can stuff in your stuffie so the child loses interest quickly and the price is on the high side,  I would not recommend this toy.
This bounce ball is suuuuper small  - how can this be for kids 4+? My daughter is now 5 and can barely jump with this because this is so small!!!! I would not recommend this to a friend and I would not buy this again. Yes, it is super cute, but just about big enough for a 3-year-old.
House is adorable but that is where my praise ends. The floor is cardboard....I have never hard another Mattel or Disney toy that was cardboard.Sofia's head popping off is terrifying to my daughter. It has happened about 30 times today.The clover hide and seek is a complete failure. He is too big to disappear in the compartment.I spent 250 dollars on the sofia castle and all the toys and extras that go with it. We have the loving family dollhouse which far exceeds this castle. I am 100 % disappointed.
I didn't heed other reviews because it seemed like such a good deal. The wheels broke off one plane the first time my 4 yr old played with them. A week later, 4/6 have broken wheels and one more has a broken propeller.Pay more for a better made product.
Every time I came in the room it was off the wall again and again I through some of the pieces out cause the just did not stay up
I bought this for my son because I loved the original game as a kid.  I didn't realize it had a flimsy, cheap board and that any movement, even a strong exhale, would knock over the pieces.  Definitely not worth the money.  I'm ordering the original version and hoping they haven't messed that one up as well.
This castle was well thought out in terms of content -- it has so many pretty details: scrollwork doors, stairs, balcony and windows, a pullout garden with a footbridge, cute miniature castle for Sofia to play with and and a hanging chandelier. In the picture - all of these details really shine. But when you get it out of the box there are many glaring problems:1. The floors are made of almost paper thin cardboard. Not only do the dolls have a hard time staying upright but there's no way that this will last 5 minutes with the 3-6yr old crowd. I was pretty shocked to see cardboard at this price point.2. The plastic is used to construct this castle is flimsy--think happy meal toy.3. Because the plastic is flimsy, when you put the toy together you are constantly worried you will break it because it goes together by pushing the plastic into the corresponding slots.4. Some pieces are TINY. There are tiny plates and goblets that fit inside the length of a dime. They warn customers about this on the box but I might think twice about giving them to a 3 year old.5. The dolls head swivels and is held together with a ball and socket that is fragile. Like the cardboard issue, I can't imagine that the head with stay on for long -- especially with younger kids.6. The doors and windows pop out easily and the staircase wobbles and is awkward.Overall, once together, this castle is FRAGILE. If your child dropped it, the plastic might break, and at the very least the turrets and windows would pop off. We also have a little people castle from Fisher Price that take ALOT of abuse that is nowhere near as pretty but is much more durable, sturdy and more expensive looking with no cardboard. If you have a young child, but that one and get the Disney Store made Sofia play figurines for them to use with the FP castle.Those with older kids, you may have a fighting chance but you will be majorly disappointed by what you get for your money.I don't recommend this product at all and it's a shame because its such a great franchise.
I picked this up a a local big box retailer for my two young daughters.  I had the original Trouble game growing up and thought it would be fun to have for them and it is a classic game.This version as some of the other reviewers pointed out is really cheap-o.  I had to put the paper overlay (track images) onto the molded plastic board myself.  I thought that was weird and pretty cheesy, but we moved on.  There are a couple of new features compared to the original version I played as a kid.  I think the warp spaces are new.We started playing and I noticed right away the popper does not effectively pop the dice enough to make it randomize enough.  As a result we will continue to pop the same number consecutively which gets really boring and frustrating.  You almost know for certain (with high probability) what you are going to get when it is your turn.This reissue of the game really makes me want to find the original or close to original version from my childhood.  Because of this I am giving it 2 stars.  I think it is worth the $9.99 price point, but you get what you pay for I guess.  I will start my search now for the higher quality version of this game.
My daughter freaked out when she saw this, and begged for one last Xmas. It's barely been played with. They are really cute, but not terribly fun. I fell for buying the "Party Rocker" as well, thinking having a friend would help make it more enjoyable, but no. They sing, dance, talk, eat, poop, vomit - it is all only amusing for so long.I hate that you can't turn them off. Last night I was awakened by singing and jabbering, because the cats had been near them, most likely. They are really easy to set off!  I've set something down in their vicinity, and set them off.I keep trying to convince my daughter to just sell them and buy something she would actually play with.
My daughter is a huge Sofia fan.  This Sofia toy is such a let down.  I pre-ordered this and truly wanted to love it.The castle takes way longer than expected to assemble.  I didn't even care because I was so excited for my daughter.  But after that, the entire thing immediately feels flimsy.  The stairs have come off so often that we have thrown them out.  The dolls heads come off so often that it is a choking hazard to play with around younger siblings.  And the voices don't even match all the time.  It's a head-scratchingly poor product..One would think that (a) a Disney associated product and (b) a toy for toddlers would be much better designed!  Does anyone even test these toys with a live toddler before releasing?  Overall: Disappointed.
Kid loves Doc Mcstuffins  or whatever fad toy or movie came out this month. I think this thing is garbage, overpriced cheap plastic junk that I end up throwing away after the wow has wore of in the first two weeks. These are cheaply made, easy to break , and in general poor quality. The crap my hard earned money goes too to get a three second smile  and 30 seconds of appreciation just to open the next toy .
no wonder it was marked down...I thought they were going to be a little bigger and better made.  I would not of purchased this had I known.  It would be okay for display only...
How much stuff can you stuff in a stuffie???? Not much! Maybe a couple of little trinkets. Seriously. You can fit like three or four beanie babies in this thing. We thought it would have a LOT more pocket space. Just a giant stuffed animal.
This thing eats batteries for breakfast. There is no &#34;on-off&#34; switch so there is no way to lengthen the life of the batteries. I think they were lasting about a week before needing changed. It is cute but it now sits silently since I've stopped feeding it batteries. If you are going to get one, I would recommend getting some rechargeable batteries along with it.
The pen caps don't screw on tightly on either pen in the set so the water leaks out.  Every time.
We bought this as a x-mas present for our 4 year old. We still have it, and play with it occasionally but truth be told the car that came with it is the most exciting part about it. After maybe 2 weeks of playing with it, and moving it around from shelf to floor, and back, the pieces are always coming apart. And we are always "fixing" the track. As  well the track is not as smooth as demos would make you believe. There are some hick ups in the tracks and you have to nudge or shake the track for the car to finish its loops and swirls. Plus the cost of additional cars for this track is not worth the money in our case. Great concept, thrilled our son the morning of xmas, but it just is not a long lasting toy.
Mattel says, "Kids will love reenacting their favorite scenes from the movies." That's pretty much true, but all the reenacting will be in your child's imagination and not on this double decker speedway.With rickety plastic construction and instructions that are miles from intuitive, it will be forty minutes before you are ready for the fun. And what fun it will be. Watching your car feebly attempt to navigate the contraption over and over. On the plus side, your child will develop Popeye muscles from cranking the motor incessantly.Amazon's Recommended Age range is 3 to 7 years. The Manufacturer's Recommended Age is 3 to 10 years, which is ridiculous. A ten-year-old does not want to play with a dinky car toy. I would say even 7 years is pushing it, if not for the sheer dexterity needed to use this toy. Ultimately, you'll need TWO children: one to wind it up and one to hold the pieces together for some semblance of functionality, especially the Winner's Circle. You can't even crank sufficiently without moving the launching grid, thus negatively altering the alignment. Forget about seeing "stunts" on the track. What a joke.The idiocy of this toy knows no bounds. The stickers, for example. The instructions include this Helpful Hint: "Apply labels before assembly by number as indicated." Unfortunately, the accompanying illustrations show only a fully assembled track. The individual stickers are numbered. The track pieces are lettered. There exists no alphanumeric means of matching which sticker goes on which piece, until *after* assembly is completed, contrary to the stated instructions.From all accounts, the Stunt Racers sets are all disasters:Cars Stunt Racers Dinoco Stunt Show Stunt SetYou can use multiple cars here but of course this set only comes with one. Additional Stunt Racers are ten bucks each. For example,here,here, andhere. At least the car is fun, but forget about the track. Just rev the car (in either direction) and place it on a hard floor on an end or a side and watch it go. Just be careful: fingers can get easily caught in the spinning wheels.The images on the box are all Photoshopped, no doubt because Mattel's engineers couldn't get it working long enough to take an actual photograph. If I had paid even twelve bucks for this toy, it would be going back to the store.Shame on you, Mattel.
These bands are not great quality.  When I stretched them to put them on the loom, they immediately faded and lost some of their vibrant color.  I would not purchase these particular bands again.  The S hooks included were fine.
My 5 year old who constantly draws loved this Spirograph for two days but afterwards got bored.  It is much smaller and cheaper than what I remember the original spirograph being.  The small geometric design things are pretty flimsy and hard to control.  I don't like the sticky rubber thing that they want you to use to attach the main outer circle with.  It's messy and doesn't hold very well.  I thought this would be a set that we would use again and again, but it's too difficult because the pieces are small, frail and just not fun.
Opened the package and it smelled very strongly like gasoline. Can't use them so I'm returning them. I don't know what's in these to make them smell so horribly but I don't feel safe using them.
I have never seen such a poorly she'll of a toy since I have been ordering toys.this does not live up to what they sell on the front of the box. A plastic shell is the only way I can come up with to describe it. I would have packed it up and asked for twice the amount I paid for because of the excitement that was on my granddaughters face when she saw the out side of the box and the exasperation on my son in laws face when he tried to put it together. The only saving grace was the Fisher-price Doll house that was bought years ago is a real doll house and I had also bought more figures and the plane set to ad on. They were the same quality airplane with people to run the airplane that is now an ever growing doll house.Thank you Fisher-price for holding up quality as a standard in you toys and SAME ON DISNEY FOR THE MOST DISAPPOINTING CASTLE FOR SOPHIA THEIR NEW DOLL AND CARTOON..
My 6 year old loves the 3-in-1 creator series and he actually plays with them after building, but this one has been too frustrating. We did build it but it falls apart too easily and he can't play with it.
First, I can't believe I spent $20 on this piece of crap. Even if it worked amazingly, it's not worth $5. However, my kid wanted one so I caved like the horrible parent I am. Here's the pros and cons:PROS: Well, let's see. The only pro is that it's easy for my kid to turn it on and off. That's it.CONS: First it doesn't look much like a unicorn. My kid thought it was a pig. Second, the batteries are a pain to insert. Gee, for $20, you'd think they could throw in three measly AA batteries, but apparently not. I got the batteries in, and showed my kid how to turn it on and off. Very cool....for a few minutes. The next day, she went to play with it and it wouldn't come on. &#34;Mommy, it's broken!&#34; So I took a look. Sure enough, it would not come on. First thing I checked was to make sure it was turned on. Yes. Batteries okay? Yes, even changed them to be sure. Tapped and tapped that darn light and nothing would come on. But wait! Did I just see a flicker? Move the battery compartment one way, then the other way, then up, then down, and it MIGHT come on Thought I had it fixed, only to find it didn't come on again. Ugh. I threw it across the room. It came on! I turned it off and guess what? Wouldn't come back on. I was done fighting with it and gave up. You win, Flashlight Friend. Since you are a worthless, overpriced piece of $#!+, then into the jaws of my dog you go. Merry Christmas, Dozer!Bottom line: Don't waste your money on this.
as far as small doll houses/castles go, this product doesn't stand out, either for being so great or being so terrible.  its really your run of the mill doll house-like product.  it is fairly strong construction, which is great for my not so easy playing daughter, but it didnt really hold her attention for long (hours).  it seems like in the effort to design a mass-producible doll house, creative corners were taken that make it a less exciting product.  maybe its the lack of a broader color scheme, more interactive elements, but something is missing.  if the product were $20 or even $30, my review would be far less harsh, but at this price point, many other, far better products enter the competitive mix.  generally nice product, just overpriced.
Our 5 year old daughter loves Lego Friends. She first saw them at a friends house and was instantly obsessed with them. We purchased a set for Christmas and it was a big hit. We got this little set for her to expand her collection and she loves it.The LEGO Friends Water Scooter Fun Set is one of those small sets in a little hanging box with only 28 pieces (it probably should have been sold as a lower priced bagged set due to the small number of pieces). It includes the Kate character. It also includes a water scooter/jet ski vehicle and some beach/swimming accessories. The instructions are very detailed and easy to follow for a 5 year old. The recommended age is 5-12 and a 5 year old will only need minimal help with it.Obviously this is a smaller set that you usually find on an end cap at your store hanging on a hook. You shouldn't spend more than $6-7 for this (which is the MSRP you can get it for on the LEGO Web Site). Some Secondary Amazon Merchants sell this set for $10 or more which is in no way worth it. You pay more per piece for these little sets, but for $10 you can easily find 80-100 piece LEGO Friends sets on Amazon. This particular set is very pricy due to the very small number of pieces, so be aware before you buy.  This size set should be purchased at your local store if you can find it, not on Amazon for double the price. If you can't find it elsewhere and Amazon is your only option, please be sure you know what you are getting in this very small set.  Make sure to shop around.Long story short, this is an ok addition to your LEGO Friends collection, but it really isn't worth the $7 MSRP.  You should really only get it if you think the unique pieces are worth the higher per piece price.  There are better sets available in this price range.  Regardless, it would make for a nice stocking stuffer.
The concept is great, a dry erase surface to create art with crayons so it doesn't make all the mess of a marker board.  The board is white on one side and black on the other, the crayons write well on the board itself and cleans up easily with the erasing cloth.The board goes into a frame where you draw on a clear surface on top of the board and it lights up with color change effects and looks pretty cool.  Light effects look much better in the dark.  This fun stuff is not all fun though, the board does not go into the frame all that easily and it is not secured in any way once you do get it lined up properly.  The instructions tell you to color directly on the clear surface to use the light effects, the problem is that it's really tough to get the crayon off with the cloth when you're done.You think of a dry erase surface as wiping easily, this one you have to scrub and don't plan on young kids being able to wipe it off themselves.  The idea I really liked but the end result was overall disappointing.
What little boy (or girl for that matter) doesn't love playing with hot Wheels, for generations as a matter of fact.  That's why we were all looking forward to this great looking set of tracks.  Upon arrival our two grandsons were raring to go, but we were soon stymied by the complex, tedious and shaky assembly of this toy.  Took awhile, and affixing to the wall was a definite concern.  once assembled, they had a few good runs until it needed some maintenance.  This cycle continually repeated itself until they were ready to move on to another toy.  Too bad, as this could have been a real winner.
I'm a fan of K'Nex and appreciate the original designs they've come up with using their beam and joint pieces, especially their large roller coasters. This model attempts something more Lego-like and the result is perpetual frustration for kids (and any adults swept into the effort). The directions for the build don't have the clarity of Lego directions, and the design itself has a large number of weak joints that result in frequent structural collapse. Adding to the problem is the fact that the bricks don't have the same gripping power as Lego bricks. I also don't like the use of cardboard for the roof of the car. I find it humorous that the Peter figure comes fully assembled when there are directions for assembling him, and placing him in the car requires that he be taken apart anyway. I don't quite understand the intended audience for the toy. I'm not a prude and I introduce above-age material to my kids all the time, but I can't imagine a toy company seriously thinking that Family Guy is appropriately paired with 8 year olds. Our set was missing one piece, but we had it in our supply of K'Nex so that was a non-issue. In the end, I would only recommend this toy to a die-hard fan of Family Guy, someone who is happy displaying the car and not playing with it.
I chose 2 toys in Vine last month. For the very first time in all my years in Vine or as a consumer, I have BOTH items fail  this essentially offers no help on installation. If you like non description drawings with NO instruction, this is for you. Want a toy that falls apart on use, fails to do ANYTHING it promises? This is for you.  Want to see your little ones cry and see that look of hurt that rips your heart out? This is for you. If you want a toy for someone you love,a toy that brings smiles and joy, PASS ON THIS 100% piece of crap! I never get downright hostile in any review. Well until this piece of junk. I refuse to even waste words on this. If Amazon didn't force me to keep it for 6 months before throwing it away, I would sledgehammer it and then burn it to protect innocent children from coming across it and learning first hand, just how disappointment can ruin your day......If you have a neighborhood bully? Buy this for him! I promise you it will break his spirit in less than 1 hour, leaving him a whimpering, sniveling, crying & broken little wimp. MINUS 5 if allowed.
My 10year old daughter really loved this when she first saw it. Unfortunately the product itself didnt live up to its hype. Her complaints included the following: the finished product is ugly, the bead roller was mostly useless, the clay didnt harden well and broke, and the glitter didnt stick onto the clay properly.When i asked her if she'd buy some more of the model magic clay with her allowance she said no. Thats pretty telling to me and why i dont recommend this product.
Hasbro has a great idea on expanding their lazer tag product line with this product. This is a great first revision as the hardware is durable and feels great. My only gripe is with the app that is lacking in advanced functionality. The good news is if they take the time and spend a little more development time with the app they can take this product to the next level.The current lazer tag app does perform the basic functions you would expect; explosions overlaid on the camera live view, switch of different gun modes, a story mode to play against robots from outer space. What is missing is lazer tag is the stats and more ridged rules to ensure no cheating. Lets face it as the little kids that will be playing this will try and cheat any way they can and that will lead to fights, of the fist kind ;)HERE IS HOW TO TAKE THIS GUN TO THE NEXT LEVEL. SIMPLY CREATE KIDS SINGLE PLAYER TYPE APPS SUCH AS; DUCK HUNT, SKEET SHOOTER, OR EVEN BETTER YET A CLASSIC CARNIVAL SHOOTING GALLERY TYPE GAME. (why the caps, I am trying to reach the developers at Hasbro to read the meat of this review, we want more apps!!)Happy Shopping!
A person cannot tell by looking at the picture on the box what size the pieces are. Upon opening the box I knew right off the bat it was a very, very, bad idea.  The pieces are tiny, the smallest was about 0.25 inches in width and height. We expected the pieces to be more like leggos I suppose. We should have been tipped off by the number of pieces, 372. Yikes!I attempted to put this together, it was torturous to say the least. It took me over 2 hours to just get half of it built. I let my son, who is 6, look at it, he barely touched it and it began to crumble. It did the same as I was building it. I refused to put the rest of it together, to me it was a complete waste of time. Even if I had completed it, I gasp at the sheer thought of shooting things at it, because of all the time invested and all the ridiculously little pieces to put back together. This 'toy' seems more like a model, to be built and looked at - not played with. The age range seems way off as well. I think it would be better suited for a teen or pre-teen, it would be a good 'project' for them to keep them busy.
Very hard and stiff. Not flexible or stretchy enough for complex loom bracelets.  This was definitely a waste of money.
My kids are accustomed to high-quality modern graphics.  To our astonishment, this game uses graphics equivalent to what I imagine was available in the 80s.There was just no way to get my kids interested in the game once they saw the rudimentary graphics on their TV.  The graphics use big squares so the resolution is not as good as anything I've seen in many years.This is my honest review.  Don't accept this toy even if it is offered for free.
This isn't the first Micro Drifters playset to grace my daughter's toy collection, but it's definitely the worst.From the nondescript pictograph instructions, to the cheapest-of-cheap plastic, to stickers that don't stay on, everything about the construction of this toy is bargain basement. To make matters worse, the dirt-track-to-race-track conversion is not very well documented at all, and the pieces constantly snap out of place.The only saving grace with this toy is that the car launcher doesn't use batteries. But even there, the launcher assembly takes lots of well-timed pumps to work properly. Unless your kid is an emerging engineer, it's not likely they're going to figure out the right timing and pressure, adding to the frustration of the hopeless construction.This is awesome if you ever find yourself obligated to give a gift to a kid you hate.
This version of blitz wing stinks for collectors as well as kids.  It is designed horribly and will not transform completely firm except for robot mode. It falls apart constantly when my son plays with it.  Buy the original version on ebay. At least the original G1 stays together.  Huge waste of money!
Not real impressed with this kit, it's not up to normal k'nex standards, it doesn't stay together well and is quite small. I'd recommend looking elsewhere.
This definitely offered tons of fun for awhile and the technical info about the climber supporting 100 pounds is correct. But in our experience that 100 pound weight limit works ONLY if your little one is standing still or not moving too energetically.We learned first hand that this climbing toy WILL tip over if a 35 pound toddler runs up the slide and throws his weight against the back guard rail. Since that rail is on the second level, he could have fallen head first onto the floor!  We just happened to be in the right position to leap forward to stop an accident from happening.Also, you will NOT want to take this climber apart - for temporary storage, perhaps- once you have it assembled. Moving it from room to room or covering it with a tarp for winter would be preferable. It took us awhile to get it fitted together snugly and the arch over the slide was extremely difficult to snap into place. We had no desire to take it apart to store it, knowing we'd simply have to face the frustration of reassembling it later.
Bought these for my 3 1/2 year old son. He loved them,but didn't play much with them. I noticed after less than a month of having them, that Doc no longer has a head. Her head broke off inside her body and fell out/off. So it didn't break off at the weakest point, it broke off to where there is a hole in her body where her neck used to go. I can stick the head/neck into the body and it kind of stays there if one is very careful, and does not play with her.I would not recommend purchasing this product.
It was fun, until the little cars quit working. Saw that some other people had the same issue of the cars not being able to charge up. They lasted maybe 2 weeks. Sure you can buy other cars, but two weeks worth for a few dollars will get expensive quick.
lots of money for such a small item! I thought these were the big ones.  They are tiny little figures!
Why do I keep doing these things to myself?  Why do I continue to snatch up things for the kids that I know are going to be complete disasters?  It&#8217;s like I&#8217;m a glutton for punishment.  The kids look at the box and rejoice because I bought them that thing they saw on TV and then five minutes later it&#8217;s all fallen apart, the living room is a mess and they are disappointed because it was nowhere near as cool as it was supposed to be.This was a mess.First, it&#8217;s a onetime shot.  You cannot restock your play-doh so once you squirt, there is no going back.  This was a problem almost immediately, since my three year old just started squirting without letting me explain how to work this thing.  Then, the problem with actually having it stick to the canvas (which is just a cardboard sheet, which is rather small) arose.  It just doesn&#8217;t work very well, and then it dries and falls off.  The ability to make something cool just does not exist with this.  It is basically a messy diversion for ten minutes while your kids find squeezing play-doh out of a gun to be cool and then give up and walk away.  A waste of time and money and certainly one of the dumber things that play-doh has come up with.Cheap, tacky and pointless.
I figured this one might prove popular with my kids, given their recent obsession with Monster High.  Ever After seems very similar, and both of my daughters have an affinity for creating involving dolls and their play settings.  However, I came away pretty disappointed with this one given the disparity between the list cost and the quality.I like the storybook idea, and how easily everything rolls up, and the backdrops are aesthetically pleasing.  The Briar Beauty doll will also be enjoyed, at least by those who don't already own a version of said doll.  What I didn't like is that the storybook backdrops are almost made of flimsy cardboard that does not stand up over time.  Even some of the plastic pieces, such as the bed chair, are so thin that they've got no chance to stand up to repeated use.If your child enjoys Ever After High, I'd recommend sticking with the dolls.  At this price, the value just isn't there.
One thing I'll say is that this was a snap to assemble and is a really lightweight and sturdy.  I was pleased with this from that perspective.  It is also musical and noisy and lights up and so you'd think that it would grab the attention of any child, and it did, for a while.  My daughter, who is three, thought this was awesome for about ten minutes.  She hasn't really touched it since.  That is why I'm grading this so low.  It has elements of fun, but it just doesn't pack the punch special enough to feel necessary to the kids.  It's plastic, and very one-note texturally, which could be a reason why the kids lose interest quickly.  We'll see how my sin reacts to it once he's old enough to play with it, but for now this is sitting in the corner of the playroom collecting dust.
This is a piece of crap Lego. It is too heavy, the pieces do not snap in well, and it is constantly falling apart. When you think you are almost finished....bam! it has fallen apart. It needs to be super glued. I wish my dear son would have picked out something else.
I got this for my daughter for Christmas since she loves Doc McStuffins. Although it was a big hit and she loves it, it's made out of cheap plastic and seems like it would break too easily. Also, I found this for a lot cheaper at Walmart and Target. Amazon is charging waaay too much for this toy, which isnt even that durable anyway.
As the subject says the toy itself is nice but I preordered over a month in advance.  During that time Amazon continued to show available for preorder and never made it known that they would have stock issues.  When it came out I waited over a week then contacted Amazon who had it showing in stock fulfilled by Amazon for other sellers but still had not shipped.  They said they couldn't tell any estimate on how long before they would get to my order or even how many outstanding preorders were still out there.  When I closed the chat utterly frustrated I ordered from the Hasbro website and got it there instead.  9 minutes after I had just got off the chat with an Amazon supervisor who repeatedly said Amazon did not have any stock, I received an email from Amazon saying it shipped.So, I waited to receive them from both places since I collect and the one that came from Amazon had a slightly beat up box.  The one from Hasbro came in perfect condition.  Both were delivered by FedEx and the outside boxes were fine so the problem appeared to be on Amazon's side.While I know a lot of the complaint is more with Amazon than the toy itself (which is pretty awesome) the buying experience is a big part of what makes you happy with the toy.  As a result I went from super excited about it coming out to being extremely frustrated with how the situation was handled and ultimately receiving a beat up box.
The camera itself is sturdy, but the quality of photos is not that great. I had hoped for something a little better. I understand its a kids toy, but for the price point it should be better. For what it costs we could have gotten a cheap real camera and gotten sharper photos....
This &#34;action&#34; figure was a bit of a disappointment. The concept is that Steel the alien morphs into the combined flying hero Max Steel. Fans of the Transformers might be tempted to pick this one up, but fight that urge.To be clear, the idea of this figure is a good one. Out of the box, Max Steel is in flight mode - ready to blast off into his many adventures. He really looks kind of cool. In the center of Max's chest is a crank that brings the wings down and collapses the legs. This turns our human hero into the mechanical Steel. Then, in the center of the crank is a button that pops Max back into flight mode.So what could be wrong with this cool transferring action figure ? Well, a lot of the issues revolved around Max and his spring-loaded weapon. It should be held in Max's hand, but the flight mode wings really keep the arm from swiveling up to be parallel with the ground. As a result, Max can only carry his rifle by the handle, as if it were a lunchbox. And then, in alien mode the gun pegs into the back of the robot. This doesn't seem like it should be bad at all. Only, it plugs in right next to a handle, so that you can not USE the handle to fly around the robot.If you only plan to play with Max in flight mode, and not use his gun, its probably a good display piece. But this is a toy. It should be a lot of fun for kids to PLAY with. But with all of the design flaws, one has to wonder how this thing passed Quality Assurance. At twenty dollars, kids (and collectors ?) deserve much better treatment from the nice folks at Mattel.
I got this for my son for Christmas, upon opening, the only thing he can do is take pictures. Should have bought him a camera if thats all i was getting. Besides i paid $60 for this way over priced on amazon.com and he got NO GAMES with it. He was Dissapointed, and SO WAS I! i should have bought him an Ipad instead like others said in their reviews. HEED the warning folks this isn't going to make them happy :(id rather have a refund to give him the cash instead. might be returning this if i can get the seller to respond
I got this thinking that my 14 month old could not only handle it, but would embrace the smooth tactile-less 'ipad-esque' non features. Maybe that was failure on my part, since he is well under the 3+ age range listed on the packaging. But, he loves the ipad or any phone he can get his hands on, so I thought this would be a good alternative.However, the smooth surface, while very responsive, doesn't give any visual feedback, (except for a few lights that light up). So lack of visual combined with lack of tactile, doesn't equal up to an engaging toddler toy. And my toddler simply wasn't interested, all he did was lift it up, set it down, slap at it and then walked away. No matter how many times I try to get him to enjoy it, he seems bored. It's cute, it has lights, it has no hold over his attention.The sounds are kinda cute at first, but quickly become an unbearable loop when you, or your child, aren't pressing on the correct answer or if it's being used in the free play 'compose' mode. And I think that's where the biggest failure comes in, it's hard for a disinterested child to realize the cause and effect of his actions on this toy, it's playing music practically non stop making it hard, to practically impossible, to tell which sounds you did pressing say the piano key, unless you know to listen for it, (and you know a small child isn't, well, not mine anyway!).Unless you try this in person I would look for a different music option, I think the idea far outweighs the actual product. Maybe in another year I'll pull it out and give it another try. But, I have a feeling even with age on his side there will still be far more engaging options.
My 7-year old test kidlet loves Lalaloopsy toys, but this product is more for show than for actual use.  There are two main design flaws - the pencil-looking stick that is supposed to hold up the roller-coaster tracks cannot fully insert into the slot designed for it due to a cross-wise piece of plastic that blocks insertion and that will not breakaway, and the plastic piece that holds that support does not lock securely into the base of the toy and detaches whenever the toy is moved.  Both design flaws cause the roller-coaster tracks to sag out of place.The car provided for this toy is not friction driven, so there is really no fun playing with it on the slopes of the coaster because all the child does is push it around on it, and it is awkward pushing it through the arch.The plastic pieces themselves seem to be durable, the colors are bright and cheery.  There is a lot there for the child's imagination to work with - if they didn't have to worry about things falling apart.It seems to me that more care was devoted to designing the packaging of this toy.  I have never seen so many zip-tied down pieces and taped pieces in my life in a current day toy.  While most manufacturers now seem to go the twist-tie route, this manufacturer sealed this game for the ages.  It took probably about fifteen minutes to get the toy free from the packaging.  By that time, my kidlet was already playing with something else.I wouldn't recommend this toy until they fix the basic design flaws and redo the packaging.
The original Pictionary is wonderful.  This Frame Game is obviously an attempt to capitalize on that success, but it fails as a game.  First off, it needs to be a real BOX - the parts come out of that godforsaken plastic torture device... I mean, clamshell packaging, never to return again.  So it gets stored... where, exactly?  I don't know.Then there's the frame - see-through.  Just look at the pictures on the Amazon page - obviously, they had to work to get backgrounds where the drawings would show up.  It's just as difficult, if not worse, while playing.Stick with the original.
This thing is all sweat with little pay off.  I spend a good 15minutes minimum when I erect a stack of sticks to start the Jenga game.  And then after two maybe three moves it topples over.  Pure frustration.  Then my wife laughs at me.  And back I go to stacking the tower again only for her to say, "why bother?" after I'm done and she walks off to go read a book or something by herself in our bedroom.  I just don't get it.  Too much hassle if you ask me.  Pour me a gin and tonic and let me loose on the tv set with my remote and I'm as happy then playing this game.
This accessory is for the larger leap pad instead of the smaller leap pad 2.  We returned it and ordered the correct case for the leap pad 2.
this should have been $5 or at a dollar store.  not very fun and doesnt work very well. would not recommend.
Fun: 2 out of 5 starsDurability: 2 out of 5 starsEducational value: 3 out of 5 starsThis is an interesting toy. If your kid is into planes between and is between ages 3-6, he or she will love it when you open the package. However, kids will get bored of this very quickly. Why? There is nothing they can do to play except pull the handle. After a few minutes, pulling this handle can get very boring even for adults - let alone kids. There is no other distractions this play set offers.  With only one plane, there is not even a race involved.This play set is not durable. It seems that the thin plastic can easily be broken. The assembly may require adult involvement. What is really bad is that it is not rigid when assembled so it will keep falling apart when kids try to move it around. Definitely not a good design.I think there are better toys out there but if your kid loves everything to do with planes, he or she might love it. Also, although it says it is suitable for ages 4-10, I don't see how a 7 yo would enjoy such a toy that offers such limited interactivity.
falls over a lot, impossible to &#34;walk&#34;. kids liked it for about a week then they were over it. fail.
We got this for our 5 year old. She was SO excited to gaze at stars with her new telescope. We can't see a thing! We've tried everything it suggests... nothing comes out well enough other than trees across the street.
UPDATE:  I originally gave this four stars (see my original review below).  My kids and I test-played it for less than an hour yesterday, before I posted the review.  Today, when I turned it back on, it simply wasn't working.  I thought maybe it was the batteries.  Put in three fresh AA batteries but same problem, the toy was not turning on.  This is just terrible.  We didn't even go rough on it -- no, we didn't slam on the buttons even though this is called Multiplication Slam and the bubble-shaped buttons appear to be made to be banged on.I received this for review from Amazon Vine so no real loss for me other than time spent testing it and writing the original review.  I don't know if my experience reflects general quality problem.  It was fun while it lasted... for under an hour total playtime!ORIGINAL REVIEW FROM YESTERDAY:The Multiplication Slam is a fun electronic game that helps kids memorize multiplications up to 9x9.  It has ten colorful bubbles that house LEDs which can display numbers up to 2 digits, and a center non-backlit LCD for showing simple questions. The bubbles can be slammed when you answer the questions.There're five games, from easiest to hardest for the same level of learning:1. Skip it: for practicing multiples of 2 - 9.2. Fast facts: you pick a number 1 - 9 and do multiplications with that number as a factor and another number as the other factor.  So for example if you pick 3, you'll be given questions like 3x7, 3x2, 3x0, etc.3. Factor frenzy: you pick a number 1 - 9 and in the LCD window you're given a multiplication that has your chosen number as a factor as well as the product, you now answer the other factor. For example if you pick 7, you'll be asked 7x?=49.4. Factor pairs: here you're shown a number in the LCD and in the top green LED bubble, and you're given 4 numbers in the bottom 4 bubbles. Two of those numbers will make a pair that multiply into the top number. You have to slam those two numbers.5. Sequence: you pick one of three difficulty levels and fill in the missing number in a five-number sequence. You're not told what the multiple is. For example I picked level 3 and was shown this sequence: 21, --, 35, 42, 49. Two choices were shown inside the bottom two LED bubbles, 28 and 30.  I needed to slam the correct bubble.My grade school kids like the games a lot, even though to me they're repetitive. I'm not very good with math so I play it, too. It's amazing you can get so many questions out of 9 by 9 numbers, plus 0 in the middle 3 games.While the games are educational, the toys suffers from some minor design flaws. First of all, they could have spent like a penny and put in a little backlight for the LCD in the center. Because it's deeply recessed, you need a lot of ambient light to see the LCD numbers. Second, the volume is loud and cannot be adjusted. Third, on the unit I received, the single screw that holds the battery compartment cover closed was extremely difficult to loosen. It almost wanted to make me rate this 1 star. They should have just made it a screw-less latch door.The minor complaints aside, this is a fun game for kids learning multiplications - and adults who need to relearn!
I tested this with a 3 year old and an 8 year old. The 8 year old quickly discarded it, but she is probably not the target audience for a toy like this anyway. The 3 year old was fascinated with the colors and the ability to draw with his fingers. However, the images quickly faded or became distorted, which confused our little artist. We then changed how we presented the toy and instead of suggesting he draw pictures, we took turns drawing gibberish and watching it change. That was a little better, but not entertaining enough. I thought the music was annoying, but he liked it.I wish it worked as described, because it could have been a lot of fun for him. Overall, we found this toy to be disappointing and unimpressive. It will go on a shelf in the toy closet where I'm sure it will sit, unrequested, for a long time.
I bought this game for my husband for Christmas to play with our two boys.  He had always wanted it as a child, so I was very excited to get this for him.  It is so incredibly cheaply made.  The hippos do not fit on the board very easily.  The marbles are a cheap plastic and get stuck in the hippo's mouths.  You have to disassemble it every time you want to put it into the box because the box is too small.  I am VERY disappointed in this toy.  :-(
As other reviewers have stated, there are problems with the crotch strap being too short on this product.  We didn't want another bulky swim vest for an upcoming trip so I bought this for our 5 year old daughter who weights 46 lbs and has a 23 inch chest.  According to the package label it should have been a perfect it.  We were able to wedge it over her head but the crotch strap could barely be snapped and I'm sure she would have had chaffing it she wore it for any length of time.  For reference, she is 47 inches tall.  It will be going back!
The doll wasn't very well made, so we returned it.  Really nothing to it and she was kind of ugly.
Having purchased the Mattel version of this figure first basically set myself up for disappointment when I picked this figure up at my local comic book and tobacco (for hookah pipes) shop.The real problem I had with the figure other than being able to stand upright in my freshwater fish tank is the placement of the painted eyes. He's got that lazy eye thing going on which makes it difficult to know where he is looking. Trying to determine the eye to look at without being rude is no small feat either.I'd like to return this figure, but the shop is closed. The owner probably got arrested again.
First off, it is VERY girly, but not much fun.  If you enjoy putting things together like me, you will enjoy the initial set up of the game (you need to punch out parts, add pieces, construct, etc).  (Yes, I have fun doing this).  But once you get it up and going, the game becomes boring really fast.  You are playing a tiny game of hide and seek, only there is no real challenge to it.  I can see this becoming more of a play set with dolls than an often used game.And yes, we are fans of Sofia and love watching the cartoon!
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Flying Attach Board game is a cheaply made game.  It is cardboard and plastic and not very sturdy pieces, either.  It takes up a lot of room but is too cheaply made to take apart and put away or to leave out as-is.  Either way, it will not last very long.  There are two games - which were not much fun to play.  It would keep a child's attention for a very short time and then off to something else.  I would rather get a board game classic or a toy that is more durable and/or more fun to play with.
This toy lasted one day and start liking the water thru the battery lid, so it is not well constructed and dangerous
Received this and it looked pretty nice,but there is no volume control button/knob and the password sensor does not work.  My child has to keep saying the password over and over and it tells her it doesn't recognize the password.  My husband even reset it with his voice and it does the same thing.Sorry to say this will probably be put in a box and relegated to the basement until I donate it.
Ok, I work with four year olds all day long, and I don't know many four year olds who could use this set. The parts are tiny! There are many pieces in this set that are smaller that the size of my pinky fingernail. It's ridiculously small for a four year old to use. Maybe 8-10 year olds would be better suited to this toy. As soon as you open the packaging, you are losing this crazy small pieces. Think Polly Pocket size dolls, cut in pieces, that's the size. I guess the toy would be good for older girls, but most older girls aren't into Barbies in my experience. The colors are bright and very enticing to girls with the pink and white accents, but that's about all this set has going for it. I hate to give a bad review, but seriously, these are way to tiny for any child to play with. What a letdown.
We put out several games for kids at our huge Thanksgiving get together.  We had almost 20 kids under ten so this was a great opportunity to try this game out.It fell flat in a big way.The funnest part of this game is setting it up. It is very cute. But after you set it up it isn't fun at all. It takes a lot of supervision but for all the work there isn't much play. A much funner hide and go seek game with more action is the Tinkerbell themed Fly and Go Seek. This is just a chintzy bracelet and a couple of tiles.
this are good looking toy until you look behind it... they have small bids like magnet which can easily come off. such magnets are big risk for kids if they swallow two of them and they get stick in their tummy some time they never come out. if you look at any good brand toys they have flat magnet.
I was a little worried about the toy to begin with because everyone was saying it was so hard to assemble. This item went together very well, and was a wonderful WOW gift for my 5 year old for Christmas. However, my the next day the thing starts falling apart. We even tried super glue and hot glue to hold the thing together. The backing has fallen off. The ladders and doors are now gone. This is less than 2 months after Christmas. My son is not the kind to destroy his stuff either. He has some toys from years ago that look almost brand new. I think that this toy should be priced at $20 not nearly $100 for how cheaply it is made.
It is very flimsy as it has to be light weight. You need to keep it full or the rear will cave in keeping it from working. The pod on the bottom has a motor in it to power it along a string on the bottom which makes it go up and down by changing the balance. The motor worked but didn't have enough traction to pull it along the string.
My daughter has never played with this doll since opening it.  She looked at it, checked it out to see what all it did, and that was it.  It is &#34;creepy looking&#34; according to her and has no entertainment value.
First, I should say that my son loves this Spiderman toy, but we were both disappointed that one of the plane's wings was missing from the package.  If you have a complete toy, then you should appreciate the projectile webs and animated Spidey.  I hope you receive a full package!!!!
cheap, started to fall apart quickly. Doesn't make noise like all of the other ones. ok just to look at but not if your kid wants to play with it.
Poor paint, inadequate articulation and a semi okay Blip really make me want to spend twice the price on the older cartoon network version of this guy and his two variants...
I got this toy for my 6-month-old to play with, and, while the concept is not bad, there are some significant design flaws that detract from its usefulness.Pros:* The turtle itself is cute and colorful enough to attract baby's attention* The sounds and words are at a good volume, clear, and interesting to babyCons:* The toy can only be turned on by pressing the orange center button.  Any baby toy should be activated by pressing any of the buttons* The turtle turns off after approximately 20 seconds of a button not being pressed (including the time it takes to play the sound), after which the center orange button has to be pressed again for it to work.  This is far too short for a toy for this age range.* The color/shape buttons themselves don't stick out in any way and are not easy to press.* The "follow me" mode where the light bounces around and then lands on one spot is unclear and not very useful.Overall, I can't recommend this toy.  I doubt it was field tested very much because there are so many clear mistakes in its design.
A definite "Do Not Buy" recommendation. At a 40 dollar price point and an 18 month to 4 year range, this toy should be bullet proof and provide some fun or educational value.The setup was easy and tool-free.The basic premise of the toy is that the characters start at the top, slide down to the bottom of the second slide where they stop (with the help of a plastic bar). One raises the bar and catches the character in an elevator chair and brings them down to the lowest level to slide onto the stage. Pressing down on the boombox activates a song and vibrates the dance stage to give an impression of dancing characters. However, none of these features work as expected. The characters topple over the  the stopper bar and fall past the elevator chair onto the floor behind. If you do manage to catch the character, they barely slide onto the stage. The vibration of the stage and the stability of the characters cause then to fall over. Just a badly designed toy!A dainty 2-year old broke the elevator chair within the first 5 minutes of play. The plastic feels cheap and the connection points are poorly designed.This toy povides no educational value and the fun is done when the child is tired of the catchy tunes. My child has not gravitated to this toy since the first encounter 2 weeks ago.
We are all in with the Angry Birds Star Wars toys at my home, given my son's current level of interest/obsession.  This set has cool figures, but not much else.  It is painful to think of this boxed set as a "palace".  The little square you see in the pictures is exactly what you get.  Ultimately, this will get absorbed into a collection of the blocks of the other sets and he will build to his own design.  In and of itself, it's biggest draw is the exclusive figure, Jabba, but certainly not worth the price to get it.
I will probably receive backlash for this review, and I will no doubt be thought extreme by some, but I'm afraid this game is going in the trash.Fun is fun, but a huge percentage of the questions in this game (both &#34;have you ever&#34; and &#34;would you ever&#34;) are simply disgusting. Questions about farting in different places, things done while sitting on the toilet, things coming out of one's mouth or nose including snot or vomit... I'm sorry but these are things I try to get my kids NOT to discuss, let alone playing a game that encourages this kind of conversation, or gives kids ideas about crude or even cruel things to do (for example, &#34;have you ever intentionally fed meat to a vegetarian?&#34;).Some of the questions are clever and/or offer food for thought and might spark interesting discussions, but I would have to weed out so many cards to make this game playable in my household that it's just not worth it.
Ever since I saw the 1989 movie 'Robot Jox'  at the age of ten in the theaters, I have been afraid of large robots and machines. Trying to leave the theater that day was quite the fiasco. My fear of being stepped on and squished like a pregnant Texas cockroach was debilitating. Complete loss of bladder control, sweats, and screaming like a school girl. My grandpa gave me some of his Jim Bean to help relax me and we finally exited the movie theater.Years later, I have refused to see any movie similar. I thought  the animated 1999 movie 'The Iron Giant' would be therapeutic, but it's results were quite familiar. Grandpa and Jim Bean  were there to help me out of the theater that evening.A few years later, grandpa died from an auto-erotic asphyxiation incident at a petting zoo with an emptied Jim Bean resting near his ankles. The theater he used to take me to was downgraded to a dollar theater serviced only by part-time workers since the theater could not afford full-time employees thanks largely in part to Obamacare.Enter 'Pacific Rim.'Much older now. I work near large machinery as there is an arcade next to the Hot Dog on a Stick that I work at in the mall. My boss Clair (who just graduated from high school) knew of my phobia and suggested that I confront it. She had learned in one of the classes from her single mother night school program that often times if we hold a similar, but relatively small  representational object to that which we fear most, it will give us a greater sense of control.Anxious to overcome this fear, I took her up on the suggestion and purchased this 'Striker' figure to hold while I watched the movie 'Pacific Rim' at the dollar theater.About ten minutes into the movie, I ran out of the theater screaming with the figure in hand.No grandpa or Jim Bean to help me cope, but the figure remained close by.I really do not feel that the figure offered any real value for it's intended purpose.
Santa brought this for my three year old. First one broke Christmas day and second one lasted four months. The legs just come right off. My son hasn't been rough with it or pulled hard either.  Love Rex but this toy isn't worth the money.
These letters are nice for the price. However they are very cheap. The same day I put them on the refrigerator, one fell and instantly broke into pieces.  Each letter has one little magnet at the top.  The letters are very cute and painted well. Just do not expect much quality.  Otherwise all but the one letter are still hanging on the fridge.
The idea and concept of this toy is much greater than the actual product. There are way too many small parts for young children, and too many parts that are difficult to put together. In other words, it is a building block toy with blocks that do not "build" very well. My granddaughter (who is 8) just got frustrated and gave up after awhile, I can imagine the disaster it would be for younger children to try to use on their own. "Mega" blocks should read "tiny" blocks, and the company should go back to the drawing board with this toy.
My son begged for this for his 5th birthday. It was very fun on the first day. It didn't do much and kept getting stuck in the corners but both of my kids still enjoyed playing with it. By the second day it only worked some times. As of today (day 3) it only gives a slight vibration when it's first placed in the water and then nothing. I gave it two stars instead of one star because even though it won't move on its own, my kids are still playing with it.
While it is a cute toy and the price is right (around $9), I do not recommend it.I bought it and was very disappointed. Here's why.First, each time you want to fill it with helium, it costs you $10--and helium filling lasts less than a month.Second, the mechanism to make it dive or soar is pretty flawed--a little device that looks like a measuring spoon floats back and forth to direct whether the nose is up or down. Well, I followed the instructions, but could not make the bird fly. Each time it crashed.The good news is, for the price you are paying, you are getting a helium balloon that looks cute. But as to making it fly--you need a lot of luck.
The dolls are fine; if you know Monster High you can to hope the habitual in they, only have to see the pictures. I like they very much. I give to this item two stars because the price I paid was too high... I knew that at the time of purchase but I did not have another option. I paid $60 and by $47 I could get them in Walmart plus a beautiful diary.If you can, check in Walmart first.(Sorry for my english)
I bought three of these for son and nephews.This was a lot of fun on the first two flights, then two of the props became "laggy," not spinning up when the other two did.  The same thing happened to one of the other two.At this point we started noticing the "slipping off to the side" inability to hover that others have reported.Within minutes of 1st flight, two of the three are now unflyable.Disappointing.
My daughter's on a big Ninja Turtles kick right now. She picked out a TMNT backpack for first grade this year, as well as a TMNT lunchbox that she loves. When I saw this Flying Attack game, it looked like fun. We don't play that many board games (the main ones being Nightmare Before Christmas Operation and Candyland), but I knew she'd be up for playing anything with the Turtles. Maybe it was the universe telling me that playing the game wasn't going to be a good experience, because for some reason, I held off until yesterday to finally open up the box and play the game.We played for about 10 minutes.Hands down, TMNT Flying Attack is the worst board game experience I've ever had. It's worse than playing Perfection when I was 5 years old, terrified of the timer counting down as I frantically tried my best to get all the pieces in before the game erupted. It's worse than when I'd play Battleship with my neighbor when I was 10, and they'd only use one boat on the map instead of all of them. Heck, that sounds like a lot of fun -now- compared to ever playing this game again. Don't take my statement above wrong- when I say that we played for about 10 minutes, it was just that. We spent even more time TRYING to play this game. This whole board game is just a mess, that I don't have anything positive to say about it at all.So you build the tower, eventually, and you can play one of two ways. The first, and probably the only one you're going to try, is launching the Turtles at members of the Foot Clan as they're hanging from the tower with their grappling hooks. The other method involves one person being Shredder and the other playing as the Turtles. Shredder's trying to get a couple of key objects to start doing some evil business, and it's up to the Turtles to knock 7 Foot Clan ninjas off the tower before he can do it. Luckily for them, Shredder won't win. As another reviewer pointed out, it's pretty much impossible for Shredder to even come close to winning.The key problem with the game is how poorly balanced the tower is when assembled. You're supposed to put a lot of the pieces wherever you want, yet when I tried to distribute them evenly, the tower would still lean. The green plastic rods that hold the tower up aren't that strong either, and there were a couple of times when they'd come apart just when I'd move the thin cardboard pieces onto them. It's hard enough getting the Foot Clan to stay 'hanging' from the tower as it is, and constant wobbling ensures they won't be there for long. The Foot Clan pieces are one piece of cardboard, including the grappling hooks they're holding, and it curves to allow them to hang. Unfortunately, there's no slot to put the grappling hook side in, so the cardboard pieces are just hanging there with nothing to keep them in place. You can launch one Turtle piece at the tower, and there's a good chance it'll have enough force to knock all of the Foot Clan down.That's where another problem lies though. Only two of the Turtle pieces we have were able to fit into the catapult properly. Donatello and Leonardo had no problems, but Raphael and Michelangelo wouldn't go into the slot for anything. Why is the majority of this game made of cardboard? Why not just make small plastic Turtle game pieces like say, the Candyland gingerbread men? Is that too much to ask? They wouldn't even have to be that detailed or anything! 9 times out of 10, I'd miss the tower because it's hard to tell how far you should be from it, even with the measuring piece they included with the game.When we finished a game, my daughter went right back to playing with her Monster High dolls, and I just left the game tower where it was. If she asks to play it again, of course we will, but I don't see that happening. I will give the game 5 stars in the educational value category, because this would make for an excellent example of what a board game shouldn't be. Only buy this game if your kid is a huge, HUGE fan of the Turtles, and if it's 1/4 the price it's currently at right now.
We prefer the original version of this Spinmaster game. The addition of different activities such as draw it / do it, do not add enjoyment to the game (in fact it can be quite the opposite).None of our family members want to play this game again. We all prefer Logo Board Game.Here's my review of Logo Board Game...I recommend purchasing it instead:This review is from: Logo Board Game (Toy)I was looking for a game to add to our rotation of family games and happened upon The Logo Board Game. We all enjoy the Logo Quiz Ap, so I thought this would be worth a try.There are a few questions that ask you to identify a Logo, but that's not what this game is really about. It's really a trivia game. You may have questions on a card that are centered around a theme such as &#34;candy&#34; or &#34;xbox&#34;, but you may draw a &#34;pot luck&#34; card where the questions are more random.The rules are easy to learn and you can easily unbox this game, read the rules and be playing in 5 minutes.The game is rated ages 12 and up. It does not contain anything inappropriate for younger children. However, their consumer knowledge is relatively limited, so they are at a great disadvantage with this game. Even 12 year olds will have a hard time competing with older consumers who might know the &#34;Calgon, take me away&#34; ad campaign from years ago. I think this is best played in teams if you are playing with kids. A parent or grandparent paired with a tween or younger teen would make a great choice.
My daughter got this for Christmas from a family member.  It is very soft and cuddly and the lights are great.... when they work.  It's a struggle to get the darn thing to turn on and then when it does, don't your dare touch it because it will immediately turn off.  It blinks and doesn't stay on.  Big disappointment.
The main attraction to the game is the Teenage Mutant Turtles logo and that is about as far as it goes. A rickety design and a bunch of cardboard will limit the replay value of the game. The kids lost interest within a few minutes.
The two stars are for the game itself. Cute game to play with the kids ages 6 and 4. I had this game as a kid so naturally I thought it would be great! But I am disappointed that the game has to be disassemble after each use. This is time consuming for a busy mother. To assemble and disassemble each use is ludicrous. We own plenty of games and due to this I don't think we will play this as often. It only takes a couple of minutes to assemble but it's just not worth it. I'd stick to my hi oh cherry! If time is on your side then I say it's a overall, ok game.
My little boys (18 months) love Elmo so I got this for them. It's crap! So lightweight that it always tips over, it doesn't steer, and after a month the sound no longer works (even after trying multiple batteries.) I sent it back and we will stick with Little Tikes for ride on toys.
I thought I'd give it a try since I wanted to get the kids to do some backyard astronomy. Unfortunately my fear was realized. The telescope is so flimsy (especially the tripod and the focus) that it makes it virtually impossible to point it at anything reliably and be able to observe it. The slightest move or vibration will ruin the viewing. This makes the whole process very frustrating and the kids gave up very quickly.Also, the claimed 90x magnification does not seem correct. The moon is a lot smaller than viewed in my binoculars that claim only 15x magnification.
This is a well designed toy that my son was very excited to get since he is working on multiplication facts and was very enthusiastic about having a toy help him to do so.First things first, he turned off the volume after about 5 minutes of playing with it. The music in the background is horribly annoying and tinny - even to an 8 year old who enjoys noise! I offered earphones and got a 'you must be crazy' look for that. The voice that narrates the instructions and gives feedback is a high pitched extra enthusiastic voice that would fit better with toddler toys. Upon asking the child why he didn't want the volume on I was informed that it sounded like a baby toy and was embarrassing. Ok then.So, volume off, he continued playing with it with waning enthusiasm over the next few days. Yup, it has some cute games - skip counting, speed multiplication, missing factors, sequencing multiples and finding factors for a number. All well and good but the flashing lights and annoying music were just a bit too much. To cap it all off, the center top button stopped working so that is the end of that.I think the creators of the toy misstepped by making a babyish toy for material that is meant for kids who are trying very hard to not be associated with anything remotely babyish. Besides that, many toys have the option of turning off the music and leaving the voice on. This one does not. The headphone jack is a nice touch if the child is willing to listen to the racket.Unfortunately, I think multiplication facts and many other mathematical concepts are better learned and taught by apps on your phone or tablet. For a child with access to apps, this toy is a disappointment.
5 y.o. son, under supervision, instructed never to sit or lay on it with his weight, but to just hit and kick it and no bats.Even with these precautions, leaks sprung up.  Amazon sells this liquid for inflatables, you just put a drop over the hole and then is stronger than before.  So solution is great for when the hole is at the seam. But this thing ended up getting a hole in it every other day.Net-net, spend more money and get something that will last.  This is a piece of junk.
Someone made a really bad decision with this game, to sell it with no box.  If you collect games, and like to put them all on a shelf together, this one really messes up the system.  It is true that it compresses down to a board and a &#34;storage&#34; base, but lots of games could be broken into component parts of a board and a small bag or box of component pieces--but you wouldn't want to have to store them that way!  It would be a mess.  And in this case, the &#34;storage&#34; base is a disaster waiting to happen--it stores zillions of little cards as well as a few other things, and the &#34;snapping in&#34; feature of the top is not very sturdy.  All it would take would be to be knocked onto the floor (which is easy, because, you know, there's no box) and you will have a catastrophe of little cards everywhere.  I don't know about your kids, but it's not hard for me to imagine mine accidentally knocking this base off the shelf!But, that said, I'll still give it two stars.  The game itself is just ok.  The window sits in the base, but not very stably, which is very awkward when you're trying to draw quickly.  It kept falling over when we were using it.  Plus some of the new ways to play are not fun--having to draw on the window with your finger while your partner traces with the marker on the other side left us feeling very frustrated.  The &#34;action&#34; feature where you draw something and then use that picture to act out an action turned out to be really hard to communicate.  I also thought there was an assumption about many of the clues that maybe most adults would know, but the game is rated for 8 and up, and I encountered a TON of clues that meant nothing to my 8 year old.  Very frustrating.And yet, it wasn't awful.  We are a gaming family, but this definitely won't be one we'll choose very often.  Every now and then, however, it might be a change of pace.  Assuming, that is, I can manage to keep all the pieces together with no box to store them in.
Unlike other reviewers, I have this figure already. I love the idea of a 6'' Stormtrooper, but I was very disappointed with it. Hasbro clearly just recycled the body of the (excellent) 6'' Sandtrooper figure. This means that its neck is too long. The Sandtrooper had a longer neck because its helmet sat on top of a pauldron. However, on the Stormtrooper, it just makes him look like a giraffe. The helmet should sit much closer to the figure's torso. For such an expensive figure, I'd at least have hoped Hasbro would gotten the basics right. As it stands, I'd pass on buying this figure until Hasbro fixes this mistake.
so hard to play with! Be prepared, it takes an adult to unpack this toy, and to put it together over and over and over again. It really is cute, but very flimsy, even the use of super glue didn't help much. It wobbles unless it on an even flat hard surface. The slightest touch or movement will cause it to fall apart again (super glue did help with that). It was frustrating for our 6 year old to play with, she finally had us put it up on a shelf as a pretty.
I love the new line, but this April figure seems out of place. Another big con of the figure, like all others in the line (except the Turtles) there is no knee or ankle articulation. This one is not as bad as the Kraang figures, but still an annoyance.I only bought this one for two (very shallow) reasons. One, to complete the line. Two, because she was short packed one to a case. If it were not for that I might have not bought her at al. She is a definite pass if you do not care about the figure for any other reason than one of the two listed above.
My grandsons, nine and seven loved the movie, and they were excited to open this new Disney toy. Unfortunately, the excitement didn't last long. It wasn't too hard to put together, but it has a flimsy feel to it. And it only came with one car. It's supposed to be a race track, but my husband and I can't see how two cars could race on it. They would have to be one behind the other. There was not enough to keep the boys interested for longer than ten minutes. For that reason we give it 2 stars.
If I was a toy designer and I wanted to make a parent's life miserable, I would design a toy that is perfectly suited to go under any kitchen appliance or any furniture.  And it would need to be low to the ground, yet have enough velocity to go far enough to cause the most misery.Congratulations to Hot Wheels for solving this problem with Stunt Chargers.  It only took two times before this thing got stuck way under my refrigerator.  Thanks to Hot Wheels, I found things under there that, like Steven King's Pet Cemetery, are better left alone.  I spent 10 minutes sticking a rod under there trying to recover this thing to no avail, while finding things from previous tenants long past.  Strangely, it actually somehow ended up under the nearby oven.A trip under the couch was next but that wasn't nearly as bad.At least Hot Wheels could have made it possible to attach a Swiffer pad to this thing, with a string so I can recover it easily.  That I would give 5 stars.  But this one...no thank you.Also, charging this is difficult for a 6-year-old.  It wasn't clear how to do it.  You essentially jam it in until the charging prongs pop up and make contact with the two metal contacts.  And none of this is viewable, so you fiddle around until the wheels start turning.  Why the wheels are turning when we're trying to charge is beyond me.This is a loser of a toy.
I was not thrilled with the camera and my 3 y.o. was not either.Pros:Seems durableCons:Takes horrible pictures.Hard for a youngster to navigate the menu'sGames are included on the camera.Oh and Pictures are horrible.My son is back to using my old flip phone as his camera.  The VTech camera sits in a bin while my boys says, &#34;say cheese&#34; with my old cell phone.
Price. I prepaid for this several months ago for a Christmas present. Found it at costco for 79$... Amazon said they would not help. Don't get ripped off people.
My two-year child played with this a bit, but ultimately neither she as a child nor I as a parent cared for it. The thing is not very touch sensitive, for one; it kept telling her to "touch the tombone!" and when she or I would touch the trombone ... nothing happened, except a few seconds later it told us to "touch the trombone!" Rinse, repeat five more times, and I turned the thing off. It is never silent, never just lets the kids make noise; it wants to give them "directed fun" or something. Ugh.
This Transformer is too simplistic, and boring for children. Even 3 yr olds are bored  with it.  OK for a 1 or 2 yr old. Find one that transforms, one who's arms and legs can move more for more enjoyment.
Ironically, as I was writing my review my PC had to turn back on to install Windows 8.1 update which supposedly fixes a lot that is wrong with Win 8.  The Update keep saying almost there, yet it took over an hour for an update.Despite my trials and tribulations with Microsoft I decided to get the One only because it was supposed to be better for kids, and I have a young son.  So I thought it would be a perfect match, especially with the Kinect to show movement and follow voice commands.The system arrived and right after setup the system froze, then froze again.  I downloaded the free, trial edition of the Sports game, but sure enough that didn't work because it said the Kinect couldn't get a clear view of my room.  Seriously? A $500 video game system that couldn't see my room &#34;properly&#34; despite being placed in the exact recommended spot and a large, open room.  It wouldn't even attempt to play the game...just gave me an error every time.As far as the great entertainment available, it's only available if you fork over about $100 to Microsoft for a Gold account, every year.  And honestly what you get after shelling out that much money to MS isn't much: Skype, which is free elsewhere, HBO GO, also free elsewhere, some short Kinect exercise games, and MS movies and music, not nearly as good as ITunes or Amazon.  The TV guide/ control isn't that great either--can't control your DVR, and the best case scenario, you can watch TV on a half screen and play a game on the other half.  Although if you want to do that doesn't it defeat the purpose of the game.Then, lets get to the Kinect, the other big &#34;selling feature&#34; of the One.  The voice control was pretty decent but more of a gimmick than anything else.  I was losing my voice by the end of the night from all the yelling at Kinect.  Just about everything you can via voice you can do simpler and faster by pressing a button.  The gestures recognition was a joke.  Over half the time it didn't even recognize my hands.  It was an exercise in frustration and I cannot believe a major company would put out a product as glitchy and faulty as the gesture recognition is--it is a joke!Now, the motion recognition could be something great, kind of like the Wii; however there are almost no games that take advantage of it.  In fact, there are very few games to begin with for the One.  And all my thoughts of this being a great game system for kids were squashed when I realized there are no games right now dedicated for young kids, and the Kinect is really a gimmicky joke.Unless you want to fork over $100 every year to Microsoft for &#34;apps&#34; which are free elsewhere, you can forget about this being an all in one entertainment system.  Then you realize the Kinect is a joke, you are down to a game system which frankly loses to the PS 4 in nearly every category.  I cannot comment further on PS 4 because I haven't used it yet, but I do know the Xbox One is like most things from Microsoft: Big, Bloated, Intrusive and Overpriced!  Yes many people are concerned with the Kinect that Microsoft can monitor you and with many tech companies more than happy to fork over your records to the NSA, it is concerning to have a company which can essentially spy on you at any time.Realize that many people pay extra to get an Apple computer just to not have to deal with Microsoft or Windows.  Windows phones are a joke and will soon fall out of the marketplace, and I'm afraid the Xbox is just another over-complicated product from Microsoft which isn't really about fun but more about Microsoft milking you for all it can.  What MS was trying to do before the Xbox One was even released was disturbing--thanks to the tremendous backlash they finally gave up on their devious plans.  The One had a lot of potential but sadly MS was more focused on rushing out a glitchy, gimmicky product that it could use to try to sack consumers in as many ways possible!  So in the end the One ended up being a real Zero with me and I returned it!
My 13 year old took the Sky Gliderz outside the moment after he freed it from it's box. He put the glider into the sling, pulled it back and let it fly....straight into a tree.Okay, try two! Pulled it back, aimed lower, let it fly and...onto the roof.So within 2 minutes he'd managed to get both gliderz stuck in very high places. We got them loose when his dad came home, tried again and...lost them again!The gliderz do not fly the way that they should. He got one cool loop-de-loop out of one once but other than that, nada. It's definitely not a product we can recommend.
From the pictures, the possibilities are positive.  Then is was delivered.  Myself and another adult, experienced and  capable  assemblers, spent one hour putting together the tractor part, and another hour doing the front-loader, and disassembling the whole thing and putting it in black bags for disposal.  This ride-on is flimsy and unsafe.  I hoped for the best, by manufacturer reputation and price point.  The center of gravity is asking for accidents, the front-loader  will not move sand, the plastic is very bendable, the steering wheel is not coordinated with the wheels.  If this is intended for a gift, the box is colorfully marked with the contents, so any surprise is spoiled.  The weight limit of 55 pounds is not quite enough for the potential 7-year-old who might use it.  I discarded it reduced to pieces to avoid any child unintentionally getting injured during play.  I hope my model was a fluke, but I cannot take that kind of chance with the disappointment and safety of a cherished child.  Peg Perego makes another front-loader that is about $40 more expensive, which looks much sturdier with a bigger functional roll bar that should be considered instead.
Okay, here's my "problem" with this game, and I put "problem" in quotes NOT because I feel they are needed, but because YOU might.Let me explain.Tetris has been around, in one form or another, since 1984.It's appeal, for me at least, has always been it's (for want of a better term) grace.You need to skillfully maneuver the "pieces" into place to "win" and move on.It takes both technical/physical skill (NOT strength) and a degree of concentration that, after a good session, can have the effect of refreshing the mind.And now comes thisIt's loud! (Okay, it needn't be, but I can't imagine anyone who's playing with this NOT making it so)And, in place of grace, you maneuver pieces by HITTINGHITTINGHITTING (they call it SLAMMING) your Bop!It's as if you replaced Ballet with WWE Wrestling!Hence, the quotes.That may be EXACTLY its appeal to you!If so, replace my 2 stars with 5, `cause it does that REALLY well.
Missing the locking support arm, missing locking caps on the end. Missing the receipt and instructions.Definitely not a new product. Dirty slide.We are assuming this was a return and nobody took the time to check the parts before sending it to us. By the way when we choose to buy a new product, we do not expect to get a returned product.
I applaud Mattel's marketing department for trying to make this embarrassingly simple game seem ~t0t@LLy @w3s0m3~ but ultimately it is exactly what you think it is: ping pong balls and a connect four board.The concept is as follows: you draw a card with a pattern on it. You try to create the pattern by bouncing balls into the grid. The first one to land the pattern wins. Yay!As is the case when you intentionally bounce ping pong balls, they have a tendency to go everywhere. Unlike actual Connect Four, you will be spending 90% of the time chasing after the rouge balls. Expert ball bouncers may find the game slightly more rewarding if they are consistently able to keep the balls on the board.I will offer some praise to the grid itself, which does have a fairly high success rate at landing the ball into a slot. As long as you don't hit one of the separator pegs (which is very likely) the ping pong ball will land easily into place. It's also a game that is easy to learn and teaches some skills that may translate to a higher Angry Birds score.According to the box, this game allows up to 4 players. I'm assuming if you have 4 players it has to be teams of two, however, because otherwise the game would be impossible (there are only two colors of balls and some patterns require 5-balls to complete).OVERALL: This game is exactly as fun as you would expect, or probably less than you would expect. The game of throwing balls into grids is not original. I've seen the game at fairs and amusement parks plenty of times. The difference, however, is the size of the board. If the board were twice as large or even larger, it would be significantly more exciting and would reduce the likelihood of the ball going wild across the room. Ultimately Bounce Off is one of those games that will be played with for approximately 30 minutes and then hidden away in the dark corners of a closet for many years until finally being donated to the local Good Will.
Ours doesn't work and never did. Looks like some people are getting good ones and some are duds, so there is risk involved in buying this toy. Buyer beware. :(
***UPDATE! I can no longer even slightly recommend this toy, as after a couple dozen uses, the cars will no longer charge. In short, this toy, while fun, will only last a few days and is a complete waste of money.***The track was easy to put together, the cars charge up in 10 seconds and then GO GO GO... and for the most part the product is very nicely designed.but...the design of the starting mechanism is such that you can't insure that you let all the cars go off at the same time, and I feel like the price is WAY higher than it should be for what you get. Also, watch out, those cars are way tinier than you'd ever guess by looking on a photo, the size of a big bug (I'm not kidding) and no bigger.But still lots of fun, and particularly if you have a small space. It fits in a little 3 or 4 by 2 foot space!***UPDATE! I can no longer even slightly recommend this toy, as after a couple dozen uses, the cars will no longer charge. In short, this toy, while fun, will only last a few days and is a complete waste of money.***
This is an incredibly cheap, incredibly cheesy sort of toy.  The only benefit to it I can see is that if you don't have a gaming system for your kid at home, or have a younger child, this may fill that gap.First off, it is easy to assemble, it has the enclosed wires to plug into your tv directly as an accessory.  You then put batteries in both the main unit and the controller.  It comes with Optimus, who you slide into a track inside the main unit and press the top down. When it is on, it will say something like &#34;Battlebots prepare&#34;.  Then it slides Optimus away and then your tv shows five games that can be played with the controller and using Optimus.  You can buy accessory pieces if you want other Transformer characters.The problems:  it's cheaply made, garishly colored, and quite tricky to slide the character into the tracks.  He won't work unless you have that just right.  The games themselves are straight out of '80s computer graphics, not modern at all.  The visual quality is lacking.  My six year old is just too old for this game.The other thing is the price: this is something you can find at a drugstore for cheap (I think).  Picture it at CVS on the gift table.  Not a $50 item by any means.
I've ordered this brand before but for some reason (maybe they are old and the elastic is dying) they all SNAP! Nothing is more frustrating then being almost done with a bracelet just to have bands start breaking before you even try to pull it off the loom. I thought it was my son's technique, but it happened to me as well.This did not happen with the Silver and Gold bands I purchased from a different seller.
We bought this for our 5 year old son who loves Angry Birds.  My husband remembers playing K'nex when he was young and was surprised that the set was comprised of "bricks" instead of the old fashioned "sticks".  Anyway, my son is amazing at Lego sets so we figured, why not?  He gets a small portion of the castle built and then when he tries to go further, it keeps falling apart and he is getting frustrated.  My husband steps in to build it so we could all play the game and he cant even build it.The pieces were so loose, they wouldnt snap together.  The slightest amount of pressure on the structure caused a collapse.I returned it and plan on buying the original "stick" K'nex instead.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 was because while my husband was trying to build the castle, my son had fun with the adorable little figures the set came with.
For $25 you get a plastic mat, 3 wood blocks, 2 birds and a pig. If you want to play with more than 2, you have to buy add-ons. If you want to make something more than a simple platform, you have to buy add-ons. You shouldn't have to spend more money to play a game that already cost $25.
With a name like "Create to destroy", I thought surely my grandsons would go nuts.  However, as soon as I saw it was not furniture friendly, I decided this was a really nice OUTDOOR toy.  So that solved that problem, but there were others.  The blocks that were supposed to create the walls were tiny, and not fun to knock over, since they were basically only a few inches tall.  The picture on the box was very deceptive there.  You would need much more clay to make a "fortress" of any decent size.  While the kids did get some play value out of this, they have not wanted to play with it again.  This toy is inexpensive, but you dont get much for your money.
The quality of the bands was sub-par and inconsistent. This caused band breaks and frustration, and the bracelets would never look as good as those made with higher quality bands. We ended up getting the name-brand stuff and junking these knock-offs.I highly recommended spending the extra bucks and getting the genuine product and not a knock-off.
I'm a fan of Fisher Price toys for my son.  Unfortunately, he hasn't quite grown into this one just yet.  He's two, and isn't yet using toys for imaginative role play.  I look forward to giving it to him in a year or so.That said, I wouldn't buy this toy if I saw it in a store.  I was suprised at how un-inspiring it looked to me when it arrived, like it was a no-name brand.  I typically use Fisher Prices's Little People toys, and those look much nicer to me.
Before I begin, I fully expect any and all dealers to mark this post as "unhelpful" because I am going to tell you all the truth about this figure; and the truth is Blitzwing is not a very good toy. Blitzwing is a triple changer, meaning he has three different alt modes - a robot, a tank, and a jet fighter. Trying to cram these features into one figure has always been a challenge for Hasbro, going all the way back to the classic G1 days, and unfortunately this figure shows the struggle the design team had.The robot mode looks very nice, but the shoulders are constantly an issue as they have this weird double hinge to make the transformation feature work. The pegs used to keep them in place is way too small, and as a result? Every time you go to move his arms, they pop out of position and it looks horrible. The way you can change faces by flipping them underneath the helmet is very cool, but that alone doesn't save the robot mode from being problematic.The jet fighter mode is reminiscent of Jetfire, but again, the pegs are too small to keep everything in place and once you try to handle it? Things start coming out of place and ruining the look of the toy.The tank mode is probably the best of the three modes, but it pales in comparison to Warpath (who had a great tank mode) or even Galvatron (who had a so-so tank mode).The transformation is not too difficult, but may be an issue for some due to the instructions lacking detail. Finally? As I stated with my Springer review, this figure is way over-priced. If you can find it at retail, it goes for $22.99 - almost twice what the asking price is on here. In all honesty, I can only recommend this figure to hard-core Transformer fans and even then, he's best left on the shelf as a display piece. I wanted to like this figure, but couldn't. Disappointing.
My 7yr old was able to put this together, with included instructions, entirely on her own. That was probably the most fun part for her of this whole thing.My kids played with it first without batteries while my husband ran to the store to buy the right sized ones. They were enjoying it and found most of the hot wheels they owned worked okay on the track alongside the one that is included.The fun ended almost instantly after the batteries were inserted. That took all of the 'kid power' out of the toy as the children had no way to participate but to sit back and watch this track do it's thing. It literally lifts the car back to the top to go down again only to be lifted back up for the whole thing to repeat. Also, many of their hot wheels cars no longer worked as the arm couldn't quite pick them up right.They tried this out once or twice more (with the batteries turned off)). The next morning the thing had already fallen off the wall, all but one of the stuck brackets. We followed the instructions to a t and it just didn't stay put. I don't see us running off to buy more sticky tabs to stick this thing back up....ever.
For those of you who are bargain shopping for an affordable but lousy 6" Ultimate Captain America, I guess this is reasonable enough. Hasbro is very hit-and-miss with their Marvel Legends line, and this Cap figure is definitely a miss.For those who really want a great Ultimate Cap figure, check outMarvel Legends Series 8 Ultimate Captain America. That was a great figure.
I thought this would be a good replacement for the magnadoodle that my 7 year old has outgrown.  He always loved that and I thought he would love to draw on this now, but it didn't really work as planned.  The board comes out of the holder so you can draw on the white or black side, it doesn't fit in the "frame" really well, it's wobbly.  We also tried drawing the the plexiglass that's in the frame and that didn't work too good either.  It was hard for my son to erase too, he asked if it was meant for older kids since he couldn't get the crayon off.  He hasn't touched this since the first time he tried it, so I think it's a dud.
Unfortunately this is another Crayola craft project I have to give the thumbs down. I am disappointed at how cheap and cheezy the jewelry from this kit is. It's frustrating to work with, but it would be ok if the results were at least something you could enjoy. They really aren't. For the price charged you would think they could come up with something a little better than this.
When my four year old boy saw a picture of this toy, he wanted it.  When I saw that it had ties to Disney and Pixar, I thought well, it should be fun and it should work, so I ordered it as part of the Amazon Vine program.  When it arrived, I handed to my eight year old son, who is very good at assembling these kind of toys (he enjoys and has had a lot of practice in building play train sets over the past several years).  But after about 5 minutes, he informed me that he wasn't interested in trying to build this.  "Well, ok", I thought, "maybe it's a little tough for him, but I'm an engineer.  How tough can it be?"  Below are my thoughts on assembling and playing with this toy.Well, first off it's a lot harder to build than it should be.  The instructions were just pictures and it wasn't always evident what was supposed to be connecting to what.  But worse, the parts don't all fit together well.  But after a short while, I had it assembled and ready to play.  The "special" part of the toy is that when the car goes down one lane, it triggers most of the track to revolve over a different track (there are two different track sections that flip).  When it works correctly, it's really neat.  But because the parts don't fit together well, it usually doesn't work.  Worse, usually only one section of the track flips, and the different track styles don't link, so you have to stop and fix it.  The next problem is that the car is prone to jump the track or get stuck.  Next problem ... the "pumper" has a tendency to jam, so you have to take the top part off and re-install (not difficult but something that happens a lot).  And even when it doesn't jam, it doesn't always work well enough to keep the car running.  Next problem ... the parts snap together, but when you're pumping and playing, some of the parts unsnap themselves, usually messing up the track "flip".  Well you get the picture.If the toy worked as it should, it could be a lot of fun.  But as it stands, it's a huge disappointment and I can't recommend it whatsoever.  Score one for my eight year old; he wasted a lot less time on it than I did.  One star.
I LOVE this game and have for a long time. My daughter now plays it on the iPad and loves it. Sunflower is her favorite and now she wants to collect them all.Got here fast and was a good price. And was as described. She loves it, so I`m happy. Thanks!That WAS my review until I started getting harassing emails from the seller. Messaging me telling me I did NOT leave feedback when I did on June 11th. And trying to tell me I HAVE to leave positive feedback. It was positive. But I will not be told what I can and cannot say. So now, the feedback is negative. I told this person well at least 5 times I left feedback and am still getting harassing emails.There is nothing wrong with the product and got here in a good time period and my daughter was happy. But now I AM NOT HAPPY and will NEVER be buying from this seller again. I do not appreciate being told what I need to rate my experience. And do NOT appreciate being harassed.
The pro's of this toy is that it's a well branded product your kids will know. If they love Sofia on the Disney channel, they're going to love this toy- at least initially. But that's where it ends. As others have said, putting it together is not fun. It also appears as if it will break easily. I've reassembled this thing at least 3 times in the past week. Of course you will want to buy additional figures to "unlock additional phrases" for your little one! But since I don't expect this to last very long, I'll pass on that little sales pitch. We've found the "Little People" toy sets to be much more durable and enjoyable for our daughter. But again- the one big positive to this set is that it's "Sophia." A three year old doesn't understand or care about quality. But as the adult who pays for it- you most certainly do!
When I bought this item it was Christmas time and twice as much and so much smaller that I thought it would be. So, off the bat, I was totally disappointed to see that I was giving a junky little box to my 5 year old nephew that cost so much. He asked for it, so I assume he was happy, but if I knew better I would have bought something else.
This thing was a PAIN to assemble. It's assembling something very complex from IKEA except the instructions are a lot worse. In fact, they aren't even instructions. They consist of barely discernible black and white images printed on a few sheets of newsprint. Assembly was more like a puzzle, trying to match what I was building to the picture on the box.The result is a flimsey though admittedly detailed and colorful castle. It does have lots of nooks (am I allowed to say that here?) and crannies where imagination can run rampant. Speaking of rampant imaginations...The shows any number of Princess Sofia's pals romping around the castle. Problem is, they're not included. Enter my daughter asking, "but where are all the other dolls." It is a shame to begin her play experience with disappointment. Another disappointment is that some of the features don't work as promised. The Sofia doll does not slide down the banister and the rabbit doesn't "hide" in the spinning cushion.Now to the talking. The castle doesn't talk. If it did talk it might suggest you buy a different toy but, we're not there yet. Everything is "said" by placing one of the characters over a small spot on a special pedestal. The small spot has a light/reader that detects the color of the character's feet and determines which of those character's phrases to say. Each character only has a few phrases and, as near as I can tell, they're always said in the same order. Positioning the character so the "feet color" can be properly read is a bit tricky and the instructions even caution against using the toy in a room that is too brightly lit.Also, take careful note of the warning about small parts and choking hazards. They are very small, some approaching the size of a pea. Even if you are lucky enough to avoid swallowing them, odds are they will get lost in no time. I did laugh that they included a 1" (ish) tall toy castle to go in the toy castle.OK, now we're "there". Between the flimsiness, easily lost parts, and "speaking" limitations there overall not a lot to recommend about this toy.
Well, this thing doesn't do too much, and the kids got bored of it pretty quickly.-Assembly was easy.  You don't need tools, unless you count the screwdriver needed to open the battery compartment.-There are two areas where, when activated, it makes noise.  One is at the base in the front - there's like a little bay/parking spot for the truck.  It makes a bunch of noises and talks about checking under his tires etc.  Not too repetitive, but still gets old quick.  The second place is where the truck makes a jump, and it's always either some people screaming or engine revving or cheers.-Here's what this thing actually does:  You take the little truck-guy, put him on the orange elevator thing you see on the right, and manually lift that up to the top.  This is annoying, because there's no good place to grab it, and if try using just one hand, you'll likely tip over the whole toy.  At the top, you have to push the truck down a track, which it zooms down and flips around upside-down for a bit, then makes a jump at the end and onto the floor, while the 2 plastic flags pop out and you get some kinda noise.-My kids - ages 5 and 7 liked it well enough but weren't that thrilled with it.  They soon got tired of the elevator thing and instead just put the truck on top, and watch it go down the twisty track.  They liked the sounds and stuff but really, there's not too much to the toy itself.  We're leaving this at Grandmas and letting any visiting kids play with it there.
What is this?The Super Soaker Switch Shot Blaster is an incarnation of the Super Soaker series, except that it offers four different nozzle like means of spraying. Think of it like a Super Soaker and a Windex bottle had a kid.What need do I have for this?Cause you love your kids?What's in the box?The Super Soaker Switch Shot BlasterA magazine clip to hold the waterHow does it work?You fill the magazine clip with water, slap it into the gun, choose your nozzle setting, then pump it to shoot.How much water does it hold?About 2 and a half cups.How far does it shoot?Depends on your setting really, but we got as far as 20 to 25 feet.How durable is it?Unless your kid is a brat and stomps on the thing, it's going to last for awhile.Is there anything better?A hose.For the money, is it worth it?Honestly, I'm not really sold on the switch shot niche. I get it, you needed to try and add something to a product that is kind of teetering on the end of it's life cycle. You have to ask yourself, what is the purpose of a squirt gun, it's to get people wet. It really doesn't matter how you get them wet, as long as they get wet. You can get a cheaper and just as effective squirt gun for cheaper, and in some cases, some that holds more water.
I purchased this item used from amazon.  &#34;Used&#34; was supposed to mean damaged packaging, which it was with the box being somewhat crushed and the little plastic window in the box had come loose.When I pulled it out of the box I noticed that the two rear propellers would not even move and were locked tight.  When I turned it over the entire motor was missing in one location and the main drive gear was gone on the other.  The missing parts were not in the box.  It was as though this quad-copter was just intended as a display mock-up and had been shipped by accident.Fortunately Amazon was great about setting up a return and refunding my money.My first Helicopter was a Syma 107, which was great.  And their other Quad-copter the X1 has a great reputation.  But it does seem like they have a lemon with this one.I would recommend choosing a different model than this.
Twilight Sparkle so far is my least favorite of the bunch. Like her pony counterpart--Hasbro has a very hard time matching the color of her head with her body. On a fashion doll, this is especially strange-looking and noticable---it's like she has a weird tan line. Like the rest of the dolls from the non-deluxe sets, her hair is super sparse. You can see her scalp easily through her bangs. She is not worth retail price (for reasons listed below). Maybe ten clams.It's worth noting these dolls look *NOTHING* like the characters from the "Equestria Girls" movie. They look more like a product of weird MLP Furry fanfic instead. Some kids won't care about this, but many will notice it as soon as they see them and find that disappointing. Their quality is a mixed bag. The faces are painted beautifully with glossy paint and glitter. I'm not a big fan of heavy makeup on dolls, but Hasbro made their faces are a mixture of fancy but tasteful and cute. The styles of clothing are cute, too. The dresses/skirts tend to be a bit short, but they are girly enough that it is cute.However, the quality really stops there. The actual quality of the clothing is a nightmare! It is cheap and poorly-made. A lot of the dolls' clothes aren't hemmed on the bottom. The seams on some of the clothes are starting to fall apart in the box. It's a shame Hasbro had to be so cheap as they already got around the clothing costs by making a lot of the dolls' tops painted on the body.This wouldn't be a biggie as fashion doll clothes can be exchanged with other brands or hand-made by a talented child/parent/collector. However, any creativity on making future clothes is limited by the shoes. They are part of the feet. As a parent and toy collector, this trend really bothers me to begin with. It is really gross and creepy taking off the shoes on the footless dolls. It also sends the really negative messege to girls that shoes are more important than feet. Yuck! As a parent, I find this very impractical and wasteful as shoe/feet can be easily lost and you end up with a doll who forever looks like an amputee--a lovely marketing technique to force you to buy future (cheaply-made) outfits to obtain more "feet." If you are a parent worried about this, it may be a good time to break out the super-glue. Come on, Hasbro--these girls were PONIES. They need their feet. At least make them into hooves.The bodies on the Equestria Girls in the smaller packages are very cheap. The legs are stiff plastic. Only the ones in the deluxe fashion sets bends at the knee (the more expensively-priced Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy). I never understood how toy companies could make dolls like this as it seems to be a safety hazard, but it's also low-quality. They are also not as fun to play with. A few Barbies have legs like that, but they are either dolls either for tub play (so they don't mildew) or ones that are marked well into the $5-7 range--which tells me Hasbro is trying to cut corners every way possible to make a buck and the Equestria Girls are ridiculously over-priced.Finally, we get to the hair. The plugs in the front of most of the dolls (except Twilight Sparkle) are tight and close together, but the plugs past that are *very* sparse. The hair is typical pony hair--and it's probably a good thing it's sparse for that reason as it will knot quickly. Okay for ponies (because of the way it's lined up), but a pain to brush out on a fashion doll. Not at all the quality you'd see in a Barbie.All-in-all, I don't think I'd purchase this doll if I saw it in the store--just Rainbow Dash and maybe Fluttershy as the deluxe style sets are a little better made. I discourage fellow parents and toy collectors from spending any less than retail on it (if even that). This toy is maybe worth ten clams--at the most. Barbie dolls that are similar (hard legs, painted on tops--but almost always better hair) cost even less than that, and the Monster dolls (Monster High, Bratzillas) are better quality and can be grabbed for that much when they are on sale.
Share this story is not a b and the other day and I have a b c and I J's new abc magnets the other day I J's and the other day and the other day I have to offer you the other hand in the other day and I have a dog
Bought this figure because I've been collecting NECA's xenomorphs for a while now. Got the original 1979 figure, the brown warrior, the red/black warrior 2-pack, and the new "improved" 1979 figure.Then I got this.Let me just say NECA doesn't seem to understand how to package things so their bodies don't morph at weird angles. All of my figures except for the first 1979 xeno have bowed/awkwardly angled legs. While trying to reposition the legs on this blue warrior, which they've stated is one of the "new" and "improved" models, the leg snapped right off at the hip. Turn. Snap. Pop. I held it in my hand for a good minute to make sure I wasn't imagining what had just happened.I'm buying another one because I'm a sucker for his coloring. My wallet and my conscience will regret this decision.UPDATE: Got the 2nd one in the mail today. The foot snapped off. Wow. Thanks NECA.
This is, quite possibly, the worst of the Elmo toys.  The original Tickle Me Elmo was great, innovative, and adorable.  This version is attempting to pull from the success of that toy, but fails miserably.  It's awkward to look at, doesn't work all that well as far as the tickling goes, and it's incredibly annoying.I would avoid it and just go with the original Tickle Me Elmo.
Just as other reviewers stated, these dolls do not stand up and the heads often come off. I'm sick of seeing these decapitated dolls. Skip this!
Fast shipping, unfortunately a piece of crap game that my 8 and 10 yr old daughter's refuse to play after the first time because when you move the pieces, if you aren't careful the others move - it is junky...the original was great and we will order that and throw this one out.
My two year old son does not like it as it was not really creative.  He gets bored after a while.
I purchased this toy at Wal*Mart yesterday (it's $5 cheaper) for my daughter's birthday today. She turned 3 and is a huge Sofia fan, so I grabbed this, the royal family, and the animal friends. My husband put the castle together last night as I decorated and wrapped, and I instantly fell in love. It's quite a bit sturdier than other castles we've owned, Sofia says many cute phrases, and the extra accessories are nice additions.Upon waking up, the castle had a mind of it's own. While the Sofia and Amber dolls both activate their own voices, James & The King activate Sofia's, and the mom & Clover activate nothing at all. The Sofia's doll head very easily pops off, but so far has only happened once when I was taking it out of the package (for the animal friends, but all of the Sofia's are built the same). Of course, the voices work only when they want to which is about 25% of the time. There is a button to press on the voice box that tells it to wake up and talk---most of the time, I have to physically pull the voice box out of the castle, turn the switch from on to off back to on, and snap it back in for it to respond.Overall, it's a very cute castle, it's well made and seems sturdy. The accessories are cute, but the voice box is a hot mess! I'm still on the fence about keeping it. For $54.98 (or $60 depends on where you shop) it should work!So, buyer beware---if you want just the castle, great...if you expect the voices to work? You'll be sorely disappointed.
This looks really cool.  The colors are cool and the attached basketball hoop was a hit. However, it is so flimsy that it does not stay upright.  It collapses instantly whether or not someone is inside it.  Not very well constructed and would not recommend.
These planes are cheap plastic and very small.  The propellers move&#8230;but barely.  They would be good for a cake topper or decoration, but not for play and certainly not worth 25$.  My 3 year old son has already broken several of the propellers off and has barely had any interest in them.
this is cheap, flimsy and bad quality! It is NOT what it looks like. it also never stays up!!! Even my toddler son didn't like it and never played inside (and he's a BIG Jake fan) If my husband didnt toss it in the trash, I would've returned it. Waste of money.
Our castle finally came in, the girls have been SO EXCITED waiting for the release date and we've just been opening the box anxious to get it put together.  And we realized the only figurine it comes with is Sophia.  I see now the description does say this, but I didn't notice.  For what we paid it should have all the figurines in my opinion, and it feels flimsy.  Honestly if we hadn't trashed the box opening it I would send this toy back.  But...instead I'll order the extra pieces and just be annoyed.  We haven't finished putting the castle together to be able to review that.  I sure wish there had been reviews before I ordered this toy, but it was a pre order.  The Sophia doll is really cute, but I read now that we will probably have issues with the head popping off.  I sure hate to order the rest of the royal family knowing all this, but the girls thought they were getting them already so I have to do it.  Grrrr...wish this had been a better toy.
The dolls can not sit on chairs unless the chairs are supported by some type of wall. Without a backing the dolls fall off.
When I was a kid Trouble was one of my favorite games. I was excited to get it for my own kids, but I couldn't believe it is so cheaply made. I am sure I can find a knock-off version that is better made. Why were the games from years ago made better than the same games now?
this company is a good company in the meaning that when I let them know I had not received this item they sent another one free of charge. however when you look at the item it looks like your going to get this nice looking box of these and that is not at all what I received. I would not have ordered this and will not order them again or recommend them to my friends and family. it is just tjat the pic is very misleading and I do not like that at all
Strange that there are no instructions as to what the furby likes or doesn't like eg where the sensors are and what motions please it.  Hard to show your child how to play with it when it is all trial and error as to what will create what mood and what constitutes dis/pleasing it.  It clearly senses noise and looks great 'dancing' to music, but can it understand you speaking furbish commands back?  Who knows.  Very cute when it is nodding off to sleep and snoring.  And yep, just like the other reviews, my four year boy didn't like it turning into nasty furby either.  He went from showering his birthday &#34;baby&#34; with kisses all over its face to walking away from it and not wanting to play with it.  Difficult when you can't even show it, 'do this and it will be nice again'.  He has played with it a couple of times after this but after seeing it 'nasty' a couple of times, he has just gone back to his stuffed pooh &#34;baby&#34; that doesn't interact with him.
Here's the 2012 version of the once-upon-a-time-really-popular Tickle Me Elmo.  It seems to me that the general popularity of Elmo has been in decline, as many of my youngest's friends care nothing for the little red monster, whereas my older kids and their friends all loved Elmo. This toy is really small, especially since we owned several old Tickle Me Elmos.  It cannot stand up.  Elmo's hideous laughs continue to annoy adults like yours truly, but in this version the sound is softer and actually less authentic than in the past. It gets old really quick; my own kids spent no more than 3 or 4 minutes with it and quickly lost all interest.BTW, the battery compartment is a pain to get to, and it's quite a challenge to take out or install batteries.  The Dorithy Fish thing is simply laughably silly.  Looking at Elmo lying there helplessly waiting for someone to make him laugh - and collecting dust, I can't help but feel some pity.  Wait a minute, I should take out the batteries and put them to good use and not trash our environment needlessly...
My son loves cars and race tracks so I thought this would be right up his alley. Sure enough, I opened the box, put it together and he maniacally played with it...for two hours. The next day, he played with it for a few more hours. By the third day, he spent some minutes with it but showed little interest otherwise. This, from a kid who normally has a long attention span.The problem is, there isn't much to do with this. Sure it looks awesome, but you can only see the car spinning down so many times. And even though the box says it has over "30+ sounds and phrases!" it gets old really quick. Even to young ears. These days, he just plays with the little truck that comes with it independent of the track.From the parent perspective, I had a hard time putting this together. The pieces don't fit well: track pieces kept popping out, one of the stands was supposed to insert into two places but I could only get it to fit in one place. The landing has a tendency to rise up so my husband put a rubber band to attach it to the main piece. The flags don't work. In the end, I don't think this toy is worth the trouble or the money.
These dolls are a rip off. They are so light and cheap feeling for the price. And I HATE the damn peg legs, they're just weird.
My daughter confused this with another similar toy that has lots of storage places.  She was very disappointed with this one because it does not have very big storage places so what you put in the spots has to be pretty small.  The top one and mouth do close so she is able to carry something that she doesn't want to fall out, but I was really disappointed for the price, how small the pockets were.  It is large and seems well made, so that's why the second star.
If this isn't your first Beyblade purchase you probably know what to expect because apparently it's all cheap thin plastic crap. I was seriously disappointed. The &#34;arena&#34; is the thinnest, flimsiest piece of junk there is, It's practically see through. SO NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
This "castle" is not worth five dollars.  The day it arrived, I put it together, noting that it is very prone to being easily broken. The next day one of my two grand daughters came over, we had ordered this together, she was so excited. The dolls do not stand up well, ( I also ordered the set of dolls with mom and dad, boy and sister. I had to help my grand daughter every time she wanted to press them on the platform that allows the dolls to talk or make music. She is 6 years old that is old enough to make an item like this easy for her to handle.Next pieces of the house kept falling off, the dolls cannot stand, or sit on the stairs, chairs . Some of the dolls stand alone the boy dolls stood with difficulty and fell over at the slightest bump.Here is the big kicker, while we were trying to put a piece on the 'castle' that kept falling off the castle fell over and it was so fast my grand daughter went with it falling on the second floor  flooring of the castle with one hand, the floor broke in pieces , not fixable.This toy is a piece of junk, my grand daughter was crying of course, thanks Disney - "When you wish upon a star".... money tells me who you are!60 bucks, a complete and total rip off and 38+ dollars for the set of dolls , can you even imagine, Disney you should be ashamed of yourselves and Amazon don't tarnish your reputation by selling toys from this company anymore.
Son thinks it's cool, but really doesn't DO anything.  Nothing is wrong with it, but wish it DID something or was smaller in size for pocket fun.
I was kind of disappointed with this toy. Luckily we received it as a gift. The castle overall is kind of flimsy, the plastic staircase doesn't connect well and the pieces are not great quality. We had also received the set of family dolls and the horse and carriage. My daughter really didn't play with the castle much even thought she is a big Sophia fan. Mostly because with the staircase kept falling down and the character figures are oddly shaped and do not stand well on their own in the castle or on the floor. She did enjoy the horse and carriage, but the figures also don't seem to fit well and can't actually &#34;sit&#34; or stay in place.
A hate this set it always falls apart. I mean I'm 10 and i can't get past step 30 without it falling apart. Also these characters are all in a set that costs 7 dollars. Not worth it's horrible.
It's barely an ok set. You would be better off buying your own clay and just rolling the beads yourself. It would be cheaper and you would get much more clay and colors. 4 small foil packs of clay are included. The glitter paint that is included in this set smells strongly of ammonia. My daughter pointed that out to me right away. She said it smells like glass cleaner, but it was the ammonia smell that she was referring to. You could substitute glitter nail polishes instead, if you'd like, if you decide to buy your own supplies instead of this kit.The clay takes a long time to dry and the finished products aren't very cute and look extremely juvenile. This is definitely a set for the younger girls.The press/roller gadget is smaller than you'd think and doesn't do very much at all. It would be quicker and easier to roll out dough with a small rolling pin, which could be picked up for a dollar. The device does not do anything except roll out the dough flat.The picks to poke through the beads to let them dry and add the hole for the string/ribbon are about the most useful part of the set, but again, you could definitely substitute with something else..wooden kabob skewers for example.Of course this set is more cute and colorful than just buying all of your own supplies and makes for a better presentation in terms of gift giving. I would say the younger girls (ages 4-8 maybe) would be the most satisfied with it. The color, designs and types of beads that this set makes have a really &#34;young&#34; look to them. An older girl would not actually want to wear them, and I don't think they would have much fun creating the jewelry with just the items that are included in this set. I really feel like this would appeal more to 4 - 6 year olds, actually.The charms/pendants that are included look really cheap and cheesey. All you really do with them is stick clay in the inlaid part - there's not much more you can do. There are little studs then that you can poke into the center and they stay raised away from the pendant and clay.This set is really a let down and is way over priced. I feel bad to give it just one star, so I gave it two because I am sure it will appeal to SOMEONE out there, and it seems to be of good quality, but honestly I would have to recommend to pass on this unless you're buying for a little girl in the 4-6 year old range. I cannot see an older child being interested in it or liking the finished products.
Please don't ask again.  I believe my granddaughter likes the doll but cannot give an honestanswer because I haven't been at their home to watch her play with it, if she does.
My son got Disney Infinity for Christmas 2013 and got several figures.  I must say that this one is the most disappointing.  Not for game play as I am sure that is just fine but for the quality of the materials and construction of the figure.  She is so thin and easily broken.  I have had to glue the arm and head back on after just a week of use.  He has not been rough with her at all but all of his figures are together in a rubbermaid tub and I guess just being jostled against other characters was enough to break her body.  Just keep in mind if you have a younger child playing with it.
This toy looked like a blast! In the box, that is. Out of the box...well, not so much. First of all, the pieces felt very flimsy and breakable. The truck itself was cool looking, but the transformation or special effects (like the launching mechanism) were hard for a four year old to figure out and operate. It was harder to move it back into it's original setting than it was to get the dang thing out of the box. The yeti creature was cool, probably the best part of the entire toy. The two "army men" were nice as well. All three righted themselves into an upright position after being knocked down, which was fun. All in all, the toy is fun for awhile, but then it just gets annoying. Too much work for too little fun!
I like having a clean house.  Cluttered house - that's okay...but having a toy in the house that would smear on skin, carpet, and is a pain to clean is really not for me - particularly if the toy doesn't work all that great.  Crayola Dry Erase Light Up Board is great in concept.  Draw on board, light it up, everyone's happy.  Unfortunately, this is not like the picture depicts.  The board light up feature isn't all that bright.  In a darkened room, the lighting was dim...only okay.  The crayons themselves are a mess.  They smudge on everything from skin, the carpet, to clothes...this stuff is annoying as heck.  To add insult to injury, this stuff is a pain to clean off - particularly from the board.  While my kids had a good time using the board, I would rather give them a dry erase board and a bunch of markers - while that too would get on them a bit, at least it's dusty and not waxy to get off and the board clean up would be much easier.This was a toy that was great in concept, but not quite in execution.  I would pass.  Not recommended.
I gotta be honest, here, I really hate this toy.  I am a patient person, very patient.  But this thing drove me bat-crazy by the time my 7-year-old and I were done with it.You've seen the other reviews, and the product description.  "Morphix", a gritty playdo substance, is pressed into various molds to build castles, knights and other items.  You use the provided playmat to stage your battle, and use this plastic catapult to lob morphix globs at your enemy's fortress.For me, almost everything about this process was frustrating, until the apocalypse we unleashed at the end. You see, after a good hour of castle-building we couldn't really succeed in knocking down each other's castle, even with a number of direct hits. I asked my son what his favorite part of the toy was and he said "throwing my castle at your castle to knock it apart."Here are a few Bullet Points of Frustration:-The instructions are minimal. We spent most of the first 15 minutes trying to figure out why the Morphix was stuck in the molds, we couldn't get them out, despite vigorous banging on the play mat (which put dozens of little dents in it).  Couldn't they give some tips on this and other related subjects?-The morphix itself is weird, and even after extensive kneading, still shed some of its sand/grit, which ultimately required a vacuum at clean up.-Once you've made your shape and gotten it out, there's about an 85% chance it's going to get squished in some way within moments of getting it out of the mold.-the catapults will only toss something that's within a mm or two of an exact size, so stock up on ammo, and re-shape it frequently-you can't use the catapult with 1 finger like in the picture on the instructions.  you need both hands.-the morphix doesn't hold together after an hour or two, with handling pieces start to flake off.-there's no easy way to get the packaging back together after you're done with it.  It took both of us and a Houdini-like flourish to get it all in there.... then a few minutes later when we found a Morphix catapult bomb a few feet away, we both decided just to throw it out rather than risk having to pick everything up again.There would be so many ways to improve this toy.  I look forward to having my son play this w/ a friend of his and see how THAT goes.  I set the "educational value" to 3 stars, 2.8 of which are the educational value of how to deal with frustration.  Overall 2.5 stars, an average of 4 from him and 1 from me.  Time will tell, though, how often he/we come back to this toy.  Right now I'm feeling like we keep the catapults and toss everything else.If I have anything to add upon future blissful playtimes with "Create2Destroy" I will.UPDATE 10/17:  It's been over 2 months since we played with this toy, and although I've left it prominently displayed several times, my child hasn't ONCE asked to play with it again!
So, this toy comes with three pieces of wood (that's IT?!) a stuffed piggy, 2 stuffed birds, and a mat to place it on.  It's kind of sad that you only get THREE pieces of wood.  Not much you can do with that!  My two year old nephew loved it - but he loves anything Angry Birds.  I wouldn't call this an "outdoor" toy, because it's hard to get the mat to lie flat or the pieces to remain still on anything but a perfectly flat floor.  For a little kid, this might be great - but for anyone older than 2 - pass.
I hate writing a bad review for a Transformers toy (unfortunately something that's become increasingly common), especially for one I anticipated as eagerly as this one, but he is an absolute failure as a toy. Most of him seems good, great even, visually he's a delightful updating of the original depiction, incorporating new engineering, better materials and more appreciable design flourishes, but he has a very few aspects that just went mind-bogglingly wrong. His transformation isn't inherently difficult and it doesn't look terrible, but his feet absolutely lack any forethought - in Tank and Jet mode they stick out awkwardly, get inthe way and are difficult to position correctly (annoying since they're incorporated in his Jet mode) and in Robot mode they just look extremely silly and ineffective (though they do manage to hold him up quite easily).The next problem is his head/nose cone. For some reason they used a thick, bendy rubber for the part that folds back to reveal the head. I understand that it was necessary for it to bend under the catch to hold it out in vehicle form, but it's so frustrating and disappointing (when it is "up," you can see the cracks when his head forces the nose up and buldges where it's holding it in), they needed to scrap it and use a different mechanic - no reason it couldn't have been a slight alteration to the nose cone they used for Classics Starscream, but it it isn't. On top of this, they tried to allow the canopy to the cockpit to open when in jet mode, which would normally be a delightful touch, only it gets in the way of the clasp mechanism holding the rubber nose and cannot open to a remotely functional position (and consequently gets in the way while transforming). His head, aside from being a super gaudy yellow, has a spring mechanism, likely in an attempt to make it pop up while transforming in a "cool" way, which would have been awesome if it had worked, but, as it is, when you push the head down to flip the nose cone up (something that requires considerable force since the hinge of the nose cone is a thick, bendy rubber)nothing really holds it down and it pops up after a few seconds (longer than it takes to flip the nose cone up, creating great frustration in that aspect of the process -and- pushing the nose cone up when locked in place, creating an unseemly yellow crack where it should be smooth purple - a huge pet-peeve of mine, transformation joints need to fit against each other smoothly or it ruins the illusion). They should have scrapped the spring mechanic and just incorporated a manual lever to push the head up and down.Even his hands have difficulty holding the weapons (which don't have much of a place to go in vehicle mode - the gun can hide a bit or even look like part of it, but the sword sticks out like a sore thumb), the bulk of his wrists requires you to position the weapons at an angle if you want the peg (which could easily be longer) to fit the hole. The sword gets away with looking alright, but the gun just looks like he's fumbling around with it. He, gratefully, has a missile shooting mechanism in his tank turret (not a light up or spinny gimmick, I've always preferred spring missiles) and normally I wouldn't complain, but given that -something- needed to go right I will point out that you get 0 lift with the missile, it just kind of slides out of the turret and flops on the ground, usually not even clearing his front end - the firing mechanism is a cute gimmick though, instead of a button or switch you pull back on the turret giving the illusion of recoil. Lastly, but worst of all, are his arms in robot mode. The connecting pegs to hold his arm joints to the body do not work what so ever, they end up just resting on top of/next to his chest and given that it requires a great deal of force to move any of the joints in his arms, they just rise up out of place every time you try to move it. I almost cried when I discovered this. It's due to the complicated engineering of the tank turret, to allow it to turn side to side in tank mode, it just got too complicated carrying that over into robot mode and it practically falls apart (I can even see many arms snapping off, the joint is just way too snug and there's so little mass where his shoulder connects to his chest that the plastic could easily break if you weren't careful). He would have been brilliant if it weren't for this, I could forgive the stupid feet, I could forgive the cheap nose-cone, but there's 0 chance of having an enjoyable experience moving his arms. He looks so great, pays a wonderful homage to the original design from the 80's while updating it to be a better, more detailed, more durable form but it all falls apart when you want to move his arms. I loved this character and jumped out of my seat when I saw a preview of him, at last, an honest attempt at a functional triple changer that doesn't lack in detail, and one of the cooler triple changers to boot! The face flipping gimmick even works! But the moment I got him out of the box and the body flopped down as I held him by his arm my heart sank. Don't buy this, even if you're a collector, I'll still display mine, but I'll regret dropping the cash on him. I absolutely hate saying that about a transformer, one of my favorite "things" in the universe, and the "generations/universe/classics" line used to be superb (Classics Starscream is my favorite toy ever), the goal is admirable and wonderful, but lately they've just been frustrating, I hate seeing this line decline like this.
My son got this as a Christmas gift. We have never seem the TV show, so to my two year old this is just a generic boat.The boat looks cute, but it barely floats. It always tips, even with nothing inside it, within 30 seconds. It sinks even quicker when you put Mike inside. Mike himself does float, since he is a squirty toy.You can't play with the boat out of the bath tub, since the boat has a rudder and won't sit flat on the floor.If you do want a boat that will float in the bath, I would recommendPlaymobil - 1.2.3 My Take Along - NOAH'S ARK (#6765). That boat is sturdy enough to float at the pool in the summer.
SImply put, they are not Legos. They may look like them and act like them, but the building quality is just not there. Other than the figure (if you're a Family Guy fan) this set really is a bust. It is really best to just stick to an original and not waste your money on anything else. I don't want to sound like a hater, but Lego has extreme quality control and other building sets just don't stack up.
Way too expensive!  Plus while making bracelets, I had 4 bands break requiring me to start over.  I see many flaws in those that haven't broken YET.  I'm afraid to sell them for fear I will get a bad reputation.
I received this product for free from Bzzagent.Unfortunately, this toy will most likely go into the donation box before the month is over. My kids are ages 6 and (almost) 4 and neither child was impressed with the Beam Box and didn't play with it for more than 5 minutes. Here are the issues we had with it:1. The controller is slow to respond no matter how close you are sitting to the console. That's incredibly frustrating to a small child. They would have been better off making a wired controller that worked well.2. The games are boring and the graphics are ridiculously behind the times. I think the original Nintendo from the late 1980s had better graphics. My kids have played with an iPad, iPhone, Leappad, Wii and laptop so they are fully aware of the quality of games available to kids.3. This console retails for $60 and additional games are $10. That just seems absurd to me! You could get your child a cheap tablet for $100 and it would have infinite number of games, better games!4. Batteries. I understand that a cheap wireless controller needs to use batteries (PS3 controllers are rechargeable), but why does the console need batteries too? It has to be wired to the tv so there's no reason to move it around. Save parents some money and give us the option to plug it in!The only positives I have to say about the Beam Box are that it was easy to set up and my 4yo likes to put Optimus Prime in the box and watch him disappear. That's about it. I would not recommend this product to anyone. If you want a gaming system for your young child and cannot afford to spend much buy a used Wii or inexpensive tablet. Your child will be much happier.
We are a huge Lego family and got this because our son anted angry birds.  Never knew what's huge difference there is with Lego and other brands!  Theses bricks don't stay together at all, which makes the structure extremely frustrating to build.  I would not buy this again.I think we will buy comparable Lego pieces, keep the birds, and throw out the knex blocks.  It's that bad.
Very disappointing. Cars don't stay charged enough to make it all the way around the track. Very sad little boy!!  This had to be returned.
My son can only play with this without any water inside (defeats the purpose, but it's still fun as a turtle shell and pretend shooter) because the second you put water into it, it just starts pouring out from the hose and from the spout.  It's not like just a drip you could handle outside, it leaks so much water that my son's shorts were drenched and I had to fill it back up within about one minute.  So if you don't mind using it without water in it, it will be an okay toy.  Otherwise, if you really want the water squirting option, know your child's clothes will be getting wet and you will be filling it up constantly.  And don't even think about sitting it down inside with even the tiniest bit of water still in it.  Your floor will be drenched.
First, this is not for a teenager.  Anyone attempting to state that it is, is wrong.  If a teenager pulled this thing out of their backpack they would instantly lose all their friends and be chastised by their classmates until the end of time.  This is for kids under the age of ten who all want to be teenagers and don&#8217;t understand what it really means to be a teenager.  Thus, my six year old BEGGED for this.  She was so excited when I handed it to her.  Privacy!  Voice recognition!  Invisible ink!  Secret compartment!  She flashed it around and told us we&#8217;d never get inside.  Little did she know, neither would she.  Yup, that voice recognition is a total joke.  My daughter can ramble off her password as clear as day and alarms will go off and that annoying British chick will tell her she&#8217;s an intruder or something like that.  Couple that with the fact that she only has 25 very small sheets to write on and a bulky journal that won&#8217;t really fit nicely in anything and you have yet another waste of a toy.  Still, she pretends to love this and when she is able to open it, she uses it and pretends to be sixteen, so joy to our world.
I purchased this item last fall for my grandchildren for Christmas 2012.  They waited to open the box until this Spring since they live in Colorado Springs when it was warm enough to play with it in the back yard.  It is only July 2013 and 3/4ths of the play items on the SHIP have already broken or have fallen apart.  We are really disappointed in the LACK of durability in this toy. There are three small children in this family, so the table has been played with significantly, but I would hope it would have lasted through ONE summer at least.  I am sure the manufacturer could reevaluate the overall design and improve with a little careful consideration.  The kids LOVE the overall concept and pirate theme and have had lots of fun, but they loved the water gun canon and it has stopped working, the anchor has broken off the little steering wheel has come off.  Fortunately, the motor for the water fountain is still working so that is good.  I plan to go to the actual LIttle Tikes Web Site and report our review as well.  Thanks.  Just to add a note...I did contact the manufacture and they were very quick to provide replacement parts at no additional expense.  I very much appreciated their effort to make amends.
I have not seen any of the of the other Bop It Toys and really did not know what they were all about.I suspect that this toy could be very popular with some kids and even adults.  It has the potential to be lots of fun.  My grandkids did not find it very much fun.  I actually enjoyed playing with the bop it tetris for a little while, but it moves very quickly to a quite difficult level and I could not keep up.Comments:Instructions are quite difficult to understand, I used trial and error but I don't quite understand itIt is noisy, yes you can use silent mode but I could not make it stay in silent mode.I do not care for the voice that runs the game, especially when he gloats over the player losingThe levels speed up so fast that I could not get very far, so I lost interest fairly quickly.  Same with the grandkids age 8 and 4.
I thought these would be larger than they were based on the photos and the descriptions. I was disappointed when I received them. They will do because they were to be gifts for a Christmas passing party at school and Sunday school, but I still expected more.
Godzilla is based on the new look Godzilla in the film as opposed to the classic Godzilla.  While I enjoyed the film I was lukewarm on the new design, particularly the smallish head and shorter snout.  The NECA sculpt is right on the money however.  The figure stands 6&#8221; to 7&#8221; tall although it checks in at around 12&#8221; from the top of his head to the tip of his tail.  With 25 points of articulation the figure is remarkably poseable.  However the paint job is disappointing.  Godzilla is black&#8230;very black.  Black on black.  The only break in the murky paint scheme is his yellow eyes, red tongue and white teeth.  Oh and his nails are black&#8230;but a blacker black!  Honestly what a shame.  It&#8217;s almost like they had a surplus of black paint and wanted to use it up.  How about some tinting or shading?  Or maybe some whitish/blue tint to his spines as if he is getting ready to use his atomic breath?  And speaking of his teeth they fall short as well.  The teeth are all the same length&#8230;short.  He has no extend incisors as he should have.  The packaging is nice but overall this Godzilla is a monster disappointment.
My daughter lives for music.  At the slightest hint of a song anywhere, on screen, in the car, off the ipad, she's up and dancing and singing.  Any toy of hers that makes music is never far, except this one.  She played with it for about 15 minutes, and hasn't looked at it again.  I think a few factors may be the cause:1.  its not intuitive - its a flat panel toy, and different parts of the surface produce music when pressed.  the only hint that a given surface produces music is the graphics on the panel.  unlike most music-making toys that have graphic AND a 3 dimensional design to indicate an engaging surface, there's not much to direct the player's attention.  yes, the graphics are quite cute, but there was no tactile response that involved my daughter (unlike pressing a button).  i suppose this is a bit surprising, given her ipad (practically glued to her) doens't have a tactile response either, but it doesn't work for her.2.  sound quality - is awful.  the embedded speaker is very low quality, and the sounds are muffled, with little audio fidelity.  i'm not expecting ipad-like sound quality (itself not great, but light years ahead of this one, albeit at orders of magnitude more cost), but the sound was so weak that it was hard to discern the different instruments.3.  my daughter is 3, which is the beginning of the recommended age range for the product.  it didnt hold her interest at all, but it makes me wonder whether they should revise the range down.  perhaps its more simple design would better appeal to a 2 y/o or so.
I'll update this review as my experience improves - the rating is accurate for the manufacturers handling of the product.  Before the fanboi's eschew the 2 star rating... please know that I'm a huge Microsoft proponent, but the rating reflects the support of issues surrounding the product.  As time progresses, I'll update to add more detail and perhaps modify my rating.I'm one of those lucky ones that did get a defective Xbox one. The Kinect was DOA and the actual console would shutdown any time any app or game was loaded... much joy.  I signed up for the Advanced Exchange replacement on Sunday... authorizing my CC for five hundred and change to cover the swing incase I do not return the defective Xbox as the program states.The problem with the AE program is.. while I received an immediate confirmation that my card was authorized and that I'd get a follow up email after my replacement shipped... I've not heard or seen anything from Microsoft for 5 business days.Looking at the online myservice-dot-xbox-dot-com order status just shows &#34;Order in Progress&#34;... no confirmation of shipping or tracking information. I've called and chatted daily with Microsoft support and none have been able to give me any status except &#34;open&#34;. They've breached their 2 day shipping SLA without notice and without any commitment to when I will have an accurate status of my exchange. I can formally escalate on Monday as to the terrible support through their escalation processes and I have a callback scheduled to do so.So the real issue is ... Microsoft has a five hundred dollar authorization on my CC while they blow their shipping SLA's without any new commitment, I cannot spend the money they have locked up in authorization.Beyond that, its terrible customer service to take a customer that received a day one preorder DOA and then make additional commitments to resolving the issue without follow-up or any ability of the customer to get a real status of the situation. I've burned at least 10 hours waiting in call or chat queues to find out what is going on with my order.. to fail completely in getting any useful status. Microsoft is compounding a defect issue with real customer support issues - making something that wasn't good, terrible.
Poor quality...split after a month of play! Nice soft material for kids but just has not held up to play.
Not sure why toy companies need to add a bazillion bells and whistles to every freakin' toy. At my house, my kids can have fun with a toilet paper tube, dirt and foam bat. Keeping things basic (I think) promotes creativity and imagination. I was simply looking for a kid friendly camera that would allow them to point and shoot pics so I could have my iphone back. The view screen is too small, the buttons to me are confusing for the targeted user. If the view screen was bigger and if it had straight forward, simple buttons I think this would be a hit. On the upside, it is rather durable. It has sustained numerous falls without injury. I hate waste and these cameras spend most of the time decorating the tops of their dressers.
The title says it all. Do not spend your money on this product. It's a piece of junk. I don't know how this got any 5 star reviews but it's definitely not worth such a high amount. First off it has a ton of stickers. It's like lego made this or something. In vehicle or city mode it's not very stable like another review said it's too big for the box one of the arms has to be manually put on. And when you put on the stickers they either rip or don't come off the sheet fully and the stickiness is left behind. Most of my stickers were mislabeled, meaning that the numbers didn't match the sheet. When I bought this i was very excited now I am just pissed I spent over $100 on a piece of junk like this. Everything was too loose hardly anything stayed where it was supposed to. I am not kidding people spend your money on something else a bunch of voyager or deluxe class transformers or something not even transformer related. DO NOT BUY THIS. I didn't even finish putting on the stickers before i sent it back. I can not stress this enough do not spend your money on this. I have never been so horribly disappointed in a product in all my life. Anyone who gives this 5 stars must be very patient or tolerant of crap. Back to the stickers you can't even fit your fingers where some of them go let alone see where they go. So to sum it up do not get this crap. Please pay attention to what I have said and spend, or save, your money elsewhere.
Flimsiest of all of the TMNT toys in this set.  The brain does come out and looks gross, which is a plus and why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.  The accessories don't really fit well into the tiny robot hands, and the legs are super thin and will likely end up snapped off by my nephew within a few weeks.If you just have to own the entire set then get this one.  Otherwise, skip it and get some foot soldiers and the Shredder.
No, really. Don't. I got him for a re-imagined KISS custom figure. The amount of vacuum released when this &#34;sucky&#34; figure was opened made me glad he was already spoken for. If I could give it no stars I would.
Yeah it's fun, for about 5 minutes. It's such a one-dimensional toy - it's basically a timing game, pull the trigger at the right moment to get the plane to go faster. How long could that possibly last? It requires zero imagination or creative skills.The other good point is there are no batteries or AC adapters to worry about, it's all manual (just a lever to pull). But there are so many bad points:* Only comes with one plane, so you need to buy extra parts if you're really going to play it properly* It takes up a LOT of space, and it doesn't pack up well. It won't fit back into the box it came in* The planes themselves are clunky - you have to attach it to a harness device, makes it a lot less fun* It is pretty flimsy, as other reviewers have pointed out, and it can fall apart with rough play (which you're supposed to do)* By itself it doesn't make a lot of sense, there's no hanger, no garage to park the planes, etc. You need to buy other pieces & sceneryI definitely recommend looking elsewhere for a gift for your child. It's a little difficult for a 4 year old, but once you get over 6, it's a little rudimentary, I just don't see this holding anyone's attention very long.If you child likes planes, I recommend getting them a remote controlled plane or helicopter, for the same price (or less) it would provide hours of fun. You could also try a Lego type product, where they can build their own plane, while working on some creative and tactile skills.
Mattel attempted to use less packaging which is commendable and all the pieces fit in the frame's base.  But, putting all the pieces back in just right and keeping the frame from getting scratched  without some protection is a hassle.  I had high hopes for this game because the overall concept is good but there are just so many frustrating elements that I can not recommend it.  The clear part of the frame does not easily wipe off and leaves smudges.  Having to get out the 409 every time the included marker is used is really a drag.  I would suggest trying another type marker that might wipe off better.  My two kids had to adjust the rules since it is really set up for more players but the card topics still did not facilitate fun play.  I gave it one star which means &#34;I hate it&#34;.  That pretty much sums it up.
This game is only for two players so it greatly limits the amount of game play and interactions which is what my family likes about games and as there are usually at least four that want to play games this game loses out when we are making our choices.  If on the other hand you want to play a fast game with one other person this would be a good game for that.  It doesn't have the appeal for repeated game play usually once and done at any given time none of that "lets play again" when your done your done.
This thing will not stop barking and spinning until you reach into the belly and switch the button to off. My 4y/o daughter got this from &#34;santa&#34;. Her squeals of joy soon turned to crys of frustration. It does not &#34;go to sleep&#34; if left alone. Cute idea but it is just to irritating
This is the first Playbobil toy I have gotten my kids and I was really disapointed with it. It isn't very durable and the music it plays is pretty terrible. The little people are really poorly made and designed. The Instruments are cool but most will come apart and be lost in no time at all. I would look elsewhere for a toy. Note: while the music is bad, you can use a mp3 player with it to play your own music.
I did not like this toy at all.  Things I found annoying included:1.  The actual game is much smaller than the picture would have you believe - it's about 6" by 10" - not at all a larger game for the table.  But it is not compact enough to work like a DS.2.  ANNOYING as heck voice and jumpy music.  OMG - if I were buying this for an ADHD kid he'd kill himself - the music is loud, jumpy, horrible and distorted.  I think it is meant to motivate but it made me want to slam this thing against the wall.3.  The buttons are actually hard to push - which leads you to have to slam them - but really who wants their kids to slam their toys?The barely okay thing about this product is that it will do skip counting, the factors, and pairs.  It calls skip counting - sequences if you need to get technical.  The multiplication game is called FAST FACTS.All I know is that I hated this product.  The noise, the construction, the voice and the method.For the money I would go with FlashMaster - which is wellll worth the price because it does all the basic functions, has nine levels and many other settings.  WITHOUT annoying music and voice!  We've had our FlashMaster for over 5 years and still have the original batteries.  I am sure that SLAM is going to go through batteries, too.  Has to with all the noise.  There is a volume control, but it still sounds muted and annoying.  G-D awful product.
My five-year-old, an aspiring astronaut, was SO excited when this arrived.  So it was very disappointing when we couldn't get it to work.I give it two stars because it is attractive and lightweight.  If it worked, it would be great.We followed the instructions, but were not able to see anything. We could barely focus on a street light on our street, much less on the stars or the moon.  Two engineers/scientists with Ph.Ds tried to help, but neither could get it to work.  It is not clear what the function of the battery is.I really felt stupid for not being able to figure this out, and am relieved to see that some other reviewers had a similar experience. I wanted to like it, and think I would if it worked. It's not clear if we received a dud or if the telescope is just too complicated for our family to figure out.
Ok, so for every decent company who is willing to improve the quality of their products should at least put some effort in their re-released of their past product. yet Hasbro failed to see this as a necessarity. Here is a breakdown of my major complains: 1) deadpool X factor is monotone in color, I'm cool with that, but there is only 1 level of shading applied. I mean, seriously, if you wanna do single color character please apply at least 2 levels of shading.  2) that garddamn foot. where is the ankle articulation that you have applied to most of the figures from this line? my deadpool can bearly pose any dynamic poses. 3) his hand STILL cannnot hold the katana firmly. WTF, Hasbro?
I loved Hungry Hungry Hippo as a child. This is a certainly a cheaper-quality toy than the version from 25yrs ago, as are most games these days. My kids still like it though. My biggest complaint is that the game requires instructions for putting it away!! Parental cleanup required!!The hippos snap onto the game board and must be removed when returned to the box. They also only fit in specific configuration. What genius thought up that idea?  Really, what could the benefit be? Did somehow increasing box height and decreasing length and width save on manufacturing costs? It's one of the dumbest configurations I've seen. Kids should be able to clean up their own toys. I'm probably going to cut apart the Amazon shipping box to build my own.Also, I'm a bit disappointed that I cannot tell Hasboro how silly it is without signing up for an account online. (Well, snail-mail is probably a way around that. It'll show off how vintage I really am.)
My daughter was completely mad at this thing when she got it. It wouldn't recognize her phrases at all. It was easy to record new ones, but you had to keep resetting (taking the batteries out) to record new ones. It's cheaply made as well.
My kids are crazy for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (abbreviated by my 3-year-old daughter as just "Turtles" AKA TMNT), so it was a no brainer when I saw this TMNT-themed game. It's for years six and up though, so it was probably a better fit for my six-year-old boy.When we got the game open the kids tore open the box.  And that's when I started assembling the tower.  The way the tower works is that it's a rickety set of plastic scaffolding, connected by pieces of stiff cardboard that have foot and grappling hook symbols on them.  These are all interconnected and balance on a single pivot point, which is a small plastic pole.  The game also comes with a measuring stick, a defeated ninja counter, four plastic TMNT bases (for each of the cardboard Turtles), and a bunch of cardboard Foot clan ninjas.  These ninjas all have a grappling hook design as well as slot to insert into a plastic base, so they can either stand on one of the footprints on the tower, or hang from one of the grappling hooks.  There's also a deck of Shredder cards (the villain from TMNT) and a catapult to launch the Turtles at the tower.There are two different kinds of games you can play with this tower.  The first is simply target practice: whoever knocks the most ninjas off wins.  Using the measuring stick to ensure the players aren't too close to the tower, they take turns firing at it until all the ninjas are knocked off.The second game is more complicated.  One player manages the Turtles and fires at the tower as above; the other plays Shredder, managing the ninjas and moving them up the tower while searching for six special objects, presumably to summon some monster from Dimension X. If Shredder finds all six pieces before the Turtle player knocks off seven ninjas, he wins.  Don't worry though, Earth is safe -- if this game has anything to say about it, Shredder will never win. Ever.On the surface this game seems like a TMNT-themed Ants in the Pants.  But in practice it's totally unplayable.  Here's why: one does not simply place ninjas on the tower.  They have to be placed carefully, balancing a certain number on either side.  The ninjas distribute their weight differently by hanging vs. standing, so it requires a steady hand to add them to the tower without knocking them all off and starting over. This is nigh impossible for kids and a patience-testing exercise for adults.Worse, because they are so precariously balanced, a sufficiently hard hit on the tower (totally possible with the catapult) can knock ALL of the ninjas off in one turn.  If you're playing the target practice game this isn't quite so bad, but makes for a short game.  If you're playing Shredder vs. the Turtles, the Turtles win, always. And since the Shredder player has to move several ninjas around every turn, it's highly likely the entire tower will get jostled and all the ninjas will fall.  This happened five times before we gave up.If the tower was a little sturdier and the pieces a little more solid, this could be a fun game for younger kids too. But as it is, this is just a frustrating exercise in ninja-tossing.
Cheaply made. I thought my son was going to snap the plastic pieces in half or tear the cardboard during assembly. You can play either as Shredder or as the Turtles.  My son wanted to be Shredder (placement of the "foot soldiers" on to the wobbly tower) until he realized it was boring and wanted to be the Turtles (catapult at the foot soldiers).  Really, it was more difficult to aim the catapult than it looks.  I think it was more fun just to use the game as target practice.Honestly, I have nothing more to add about this game, because it really isn't worth my time to review; it was that boring.  I wouldn't even consider purchasing this as a gift.
This copter was fun for the short amount of time it was working.  The cons are this....- short battery life.  Yes most remote control things are but this is only 5-8 minutes.  By the time my son started getting used to the controls it had to be charged again- touchy, very very touchy.  It takes ALOT of control to make this thing run smoothly.  It seems only a fine tap of the control sent this thing spiraling into the ceiling or wall.  Took it outside so it wouldn't break anything and that's when it crashed into the ground and lost a blade.-delicate.  This is clearly something for someone with a gentle touch.  Not only for the controls but because it is so light and so fragile that it can and will break quite easy.  Especially be careful when inserting and removing the battery.-charge cord is a USB port.  This is fine if you have a desktop but since more and more people have tablets and laptops this might be annoying.pros... I'm actually not sure.  I'd like to say some positive things but every thought I had has a &#34;but...&#34; at the end based on cons above.  I think I'm pretty much done buying remote control things for my son.  All have been disappointing in some way or another.
I hate games you can't play with two people.  It look alike it would be so much more fun than it is.
This castle is the worst playmobil product we own... And we have A LOT!  This thing collapses when gently bumped and I have yet to figure out how to assemble it completely.  My husband has assembled it and my children's uncle who purchased it for them for Christmas assembled it Christmas Day.  So, it has been assembled twice in a years time. Let's be honest who wants to assemble a complicated toy every time it is bumped.  I don't enjoy assembling toys at all but this thing is ridiculous.  There are several walls, floors and trap doors.  Ugh!  Just thinking about assembling it makes me want to donate it!
My son got this for a Birthday gift.  He was in LOVE.  Best gift he was given.  While it lasted, which was not more than a day.  We did learn in the process that it will swim for about 5 minutes, then turn off until you take it out of the water and put it back in.  BUT, if the sensor on the side has a drop of water on it you have to dry that off first before it goes back in.After playing with it for a day, it stopped working all together the next day.  We took it back to the store since it had a gift receipt and got another one.  Same exact thing happened.  Fun for a day, then nothing.  So I am assuming that it is the battery that wears out this quickly.  With the first one I could see some water that got inside so I thought it might be that, but this did not happen with Goldie #2.Because of the insanely short battery life I would not buy this toy again.  But I gave it 2 stars since it was fun for a day.
terribly constructed and not sturdy at all...we spend a lot of time putting it back together...almost can't play with it....I don't say hate very often and I really hate this toy...threw it out - would not even give it to anyone!!!!!!!
Cute and a good idea, but some of the paint was missing on some of the parts, and these barely held themselves to a fridge, if at all.  Some would even turn to their side or upside down because of where the magnet was placed.  And forget about putting even a single piece of paper underneath them.  I threw them out.
This toy is a complete failure. For this price one could have an actual R/C fire truck, not just a &#34;walkie talkie style&#34; controller that moves the fire truck forward or backwards. I should clarify, the fire truck doesn't move in straight line or anything proximal to a straight line. Going forward it veers to the right and going backwards it veers to the left but at a different turning radius. So as soon as the vehicle gets to any obstruction you have to walk over and put it in the center of the room. There's a switch on the bottom to change the volume from loud to very loud but it doesn't work. Your only choices are very loud and off. The music is obnoxious and, amazingly there are no fire truck sounds.
even if you are obsessed with dual wielding, this gun is NOT worth 15$Pros:LooksGrip is very nice (Probably the best out there)Green dartsCons:AccuracyReliabilityCocking trouble (its hard to NOT touch the trigger)Feather Trigger (both good and bad, mostly bad)
the charging connector was malfunctioned-  was not able to charge and had to return both helicopters.  Return was easy but had to wait for the replacement helicopter- was a disappointing christmas present
Bought for one of my 7 year old Great Nephews for Christmas.  He did like the Darth Vader version of this toy, but wish it would have more sound or some type of light up eyes that came with it!
Out of the box, I note pros:*  It went together easily in about 5 minutes, although there is no hint to push until you hear and feel a click.*  Seems sturdy.*  The boy and girl pieces are solid and will be hard to lose and aren't choke hazards.Cons:* You may have the sound off or LOUD. I used the decibel meter on my IPhone (there's an app for that) in a room with an ambient decibel level of 40. The decibel level of the toy peaked at 81, mostly ranging from 75 to 80. It's awful.* The actual music is harsh, repetitive and barely qualifies as "music."* You can do exactly one thing with it - put a figure on the elevator or on the upper ramp and watch the figure go down the ramp... if it doesn't fall over or fall off.*  There is a dance floor (what this has to do with school is a mystery.) Put the figure on the dance floor and... nothing. If you press the appropriate button the dance floor with rise up and the figure may roll down the short ramp. VERY engaging @@ (eye roll.)*  This toy is not designed for play value; this toy is very clearly designed to get you to buy other, add-on toys.*  The adult voice on the toy is male. Preschoolers are rarely taught by men, but by golly, in Fisher Price world, the person in charge of this preschool WILL be a guy! You will not hear a woman's voice from this toy (this is an ongoing issue I have with toymakers and TV show producers.)*  I cannot discover any educational value to this toy at all. None.*  PRICE!I do not recommend this toy. Pretend school toys abound (for an additional $5, this one is an actual pretend school with play valueLearning Resources Pretend & Play School House) Skip this one. And if the nature of this toy is any indication of the quality of the TV show, skip that too!!
I wasn&#8217;t overly impressed with this set, nor were my girls (ages 5 and 7).  It basically consists of Cinderella&#8217;s carriage, a Cinderella figurine and three smallish tubs of Play-doh.  The carriage can do three main things.  First, if you open the door and insert the Cinderella figurine just so with just the right amount of Play-doh around her and close the door again, it will create a dress of sorts for Cinderella.  Second, the top of the carriage is an extruder that will create pumpkin vines going down the carriage.  And finally, the wheels can be rolled over a strip of Play-doh to create two different patterns, one of which contains Cinderella&#8217;s slipper.  Ancillary to this are a number of typical Play-doh molds embedded on the carriage which can create some of the other characters from Cinderella, including the Fairy Godmother, the Footman and a number of birds.When rolling Play-doh out with the wheels, the Play-doh tends to want to stick to the wheels and roll up with them rather than lying flat.  Also, there are a number of nooks and crannies that the Play-doh wants to get stuck in which require a toothpick or paperclip to remove the little bits lest you have a bunch of small dried chunks next time you play with the set.By itself, this set isn&#8217;t really entertaining enough to keep my girls engaged long enough to make the clean-up worthwhile.  Perhaps in conjunction with other princess sets it may hold their attention longer.
Design problems abound with this LEGO kit.  Our family owns literally hundreds of LEGO kits dating from the '70s to present-day and I would say this is among the five most horribly designed kits we've ever built.The fuselage is constantly disintegrating because the primary means of keeping it all connected are two flimsy 1x4 plates.  The cockpit connects to the plane by means of a cross-bar on its aft side which snaps into a clamp.  If you dare to raise or lower the cockpit, as small boys are wont to do, {and I've just had to interrupt writing this review to tend to my son who has become so frustrated with this toy that he is in a complete STATE) you can expect it to come loose.We buy LEGO toys precisely because, unlike so much of the other plastic junk that's on the shelves these days, LEGO toys are typically reliable and work as advertised.  Not so, with this one (or with the other City kit we also picked up recently,LEGO City Police Helicopter 7741, which is also a disaster of poor design.)
First of all, this thing looks AWESOME! It's basically a huge V911. It took me a few days to be able to try this thing because it is just too windy where I live. I'm able to fly the V911 pretty decently with wind so I decided to try this out in the wind. That was scary! This thing packs a punch with power but it petty much cannot fly forward with any wind. I almost lost control but had to fly it in reverse and then to the side to fight the wind. I didn't have any problems with the engines being very hot, but it could be because it's 50-60 degrees out when flying.Anyway, this thing leans to the right EXTREMELY far and noticeable and there is nothing you can do about it. On my second flight the tilt was just too much and makes the heli go right even with trim settings all the way left. Ultimately this crashed and broke the main blade. I sent it back to amazon, disappointed.I am new to the hobby but can fly the V911 as easy as a coaxial - I'm ready for a 6ch.
At the risk of sounding like a grumpy old man, this toy is absolute junk.  I grew up playing with the first generation Transformers, including the Dinobots, and I absolutely loved them, but this iteration is terrible.  It&#8217;s hard to transform and cheaply made so that the limbs will pop off at the slightest touch, and it&#8217;s so garishly colored it doesn&#8217;t look like much of anything.  My five year old twins don&#8217;t have the slightest interest in it, and they&#8217;ll play with just about anything, so that&#8217;s as strong of a comment as I can offer.Save your money, as even for free this is a lousy toy.
My daughter - 2.5 years old - loves new toys and is usually a big fan of ones that interact with her.  She was not terribly impressed with this doll and neither was I.  The biggest feature of this doll is supposed to be that it giggles and laughs when you bounce and spin her.  In reality, you have to get very forceful (borderline abusive) in order to get her to &#34;react.&#34;  I was concerned by the level of force my toddler needed to use to get a reaction, and I did not in any way want to encourage that level of forceful activity with her toys, especially considering that we are adding a new baby to the family soon.Baby Alive went to the back of the closet and there have been no requests for her return as of yet.  We will probably simply remove her batteries and reintroduce her as &#34;just&#34; a cuddly baby doll.
This toy is boring, the cars are tiny, the playset is nice looking easy to assemble but my son play with it only one day and forget about it he got board very soon.
My daughter loves this toy. I have had to glue one of the clasp pieces on several times, though. This was after almost losing it and putting it back on numerous times a day.Also, the button you press only works in "Try Me" mode. Otherwise you have to put a card in to get it to talk. My 3 year old can't do that on her own. We just leave it in "try me" mode all the time so she can make it talk on her own.It also doesn't light up. I would have expected it to do that.Like I said, my daughter loves it, but I would not buy it again.
I gave this karaoke machine to my 4 year old for Christmas. The plug doesn't fit tight in the back of it so once it loses connection it turns off. I have to constantly push it in or push the machine against something to hold it in. Thankfully my daughter doesn't want to play with it much because I know she would get aggravated with it.
You get a cute cardboard castle that you have to punch out and put up, but we did not care for the game.  Not a game for 3 to 15 year old. Boring hard to understand instructions and hard to play with no real game play.You have to have two people to play one to hide things and the other to open windows to find the time to go on a bracelet, which makes it very difficult for a little child and for the small pieces I do not recommend it for 3 year-olds..
There are a lot of issues with this game. The mechanics are not very good and the fact that you don't cycle cards very quickly makes the game mostly luck related. I've played it a good bit and my friends now refuse to play because they just don't have fun. It has some serious potential but the base game is just not that good.
My son received this as a gift for his birthday 3 weeks ago. The toy is cute BUT it will overheat his iPod within 1.5 hours and it completely runs out the battery within 2 hours! Ridiculous! Who could possibly want to put up with that? He finally told me this morning (after it overheating again) that he doesn't want to play with this toy anymore. What a waste!!!
I have been a fan of Melissa and Doug toys since my first granddaughter was born 12 years ago and have never been disappointed in a purchase as I have with this one.  Their pretend cooking, shopping , etc toys are great.  I can't believe that these boxes are from the same company.I bought them for my youngest grandchild who loves to go to the super market in her kitchen.  After assembling them, they are as large as or larger than actual boxes from the supermarket.  The whole point was to have smaller pretend boxes for a child.  I could have just emptied out cereal or mac and cheese boxes without going through ordering, re packing, shipping, etc to her.What were they thinking!  I would not recommend purchasing this product, you can empty boxes and spend money on something else.
Very disappointing!  The fist thing we noticed was the lid of the box was broken.  Then as we are doing the puzzle the paper has started to separate from the card board puzzle piece on several of the pieces.  One of the puzzles is missing a piece but has a double piece of the same picture.  My boys are 5 and love Jake but they will not do this puzzle.  They even prefer a Sesame Street puzzle to this and they don't like Sesame Street.  The only reason I didn't give this one star is because the puzzles are still doable.
Did not last long, fell apart and one of them did not work.  Not worth the price let alone waiting for.
These are cute elves for Elf on the Shelf, but quality of construction has left a lot of be desired.  We have already glues arms back on a few times.
The subtle green on green squares are difficult for my 3 year old to distinguish when counting spaces. It's also hard to tell which direction you should be moving. The bases for the game pieces are quite large and makes multiple people in a square or nearby squares hard to fit. The spinner is cheap too. I think I'll be take the advice of another reviewer and switching the spinner for a single die and find better/smaller pieces for the game tokens. I'll try it a few more times with my young son before deciding if it's actually more fun than frustrating to play.
This toy is extremely flimsy and pops apart all the time.  It comes with one little plane.  My son played with it for about fifteen minutes and then got frustrated with it falling apart and never played with it again.  Save your money.
I love all leapfrog tag junior library and own most of the title, however the quality check is very poor, I received two Count sheep to sleep and missing How are your feeling.  I am in Malaysia and thus returning the items r just too costly, and I m very disappointed with the packaging
I received this doll in good condition on November 21st.  But when I tested the voice, it was the voice of a different character (Lamby)!  Definitely not what I ordered!  I see from another review that they had the same problem, although I really wonder if they didn't just turn around and sell the same defective doll to someone else.  Other than that, the doll did not seem worth the money.  It was cheaply made and the voice sounded tinny and grating.  If your child MUST have this doll, try to find one of the ones selling at Target for $20.
I was really expecting this toy to be more functional.  The drawing disappears almost immediately.  As an example, my 3 1/2 year old daughter tried to draw a simple face.  She drew 2 eyes, a nose, and then the mouth.  By the time she had drawn the mouth, the eyes had disappeared.  After playing it for about 5 minutes, she proclaimed it "broken" and asked me to fix it for her.I thought that perhaps I had gotten a defective unit, but after reading some of the reviews here, it is just how the toy works.  Cute idea, poor execution.  We'll stick to using a Magna Doodle, which has stood the test of time.
While the farm is brightly colored and has cute animals, it is lacking in quality and durability.  The plastic is rather thin and assembly is required for a few pieces.  The fence is very flimsy and the ladder has to be attached with screws (we left it off).  The silo is suppose to be for storage of the animals and little man, but the door does not stay closed to keep them in.  Over all very disappointed.
My daughter, age 10, received this game as a gift.  She absolutely loves Candy Crush (well, so do I!), so she was excited to play this game.  We both found it to be rather boring.Also the bag that it came with was not big enough, so we put the playing pieces in a large zip bag.  The box is just awful.  There is no good way to put the game back into the box for storage.The jewel pieces are very pretty though.  Even though the box says for ages &#34;8 and up,&#34; I think that younger children might enjoy this game because you don't have to read to be able to play it.
There are only five or six pieces to put together.  I know it is a Duplo product, but they could easily put more to it to give the kids a challenge.
This game is very poorly constructed.  The red part snaps together but frequently the pieces slid apart from one another.  Nine sticks are required but they include a &#34;bonus&#34; stick - you can guess why.  Two broke within half an hour.  Also, if you're interested in game mechanics, this is not so much a game as an activity.  You roll the die and push the sticks in that many clicks (the die goes up to 3) and try not to pop the balloon.  There's really not much to it - super simple.  As you can imagine, it digressed after about 2 complete games into just playing with the balloons, or trying to pop it with the sticks.The other really silly thing is that you have to blow up the balloon while it's in the contraption and they say to use a pump, which they don't include.  You can blow it up normally but it's pretty awkward.  The one thing I did like is that you don't have to tie it in a knot because of this slot they have on the bottom.  That was kind of cool.Overall I really can't recommend it, though I would imagine it would suit some audiences.
These Star Wars Black Series six inch figures look great in their packaging, but, once they're out, all their deficiencies become obvious:First of all, the sculpts aren't terrific, in fact, their 3.75" counterparts look about as detailed. The characters gain nothing detail-wise in this scale. Second, the price is terrible unless you find it on sale. Hasbro also makes Marvel Legends which retail for four dollars cheaper. Third, the posability initially looks promising but a little time spent with the figure reveals that the addition of double jointed knees does nothing towards dynamic poses and the lack of double joints in the elbows crushes any further possibility.Even Boba Fett cannot hold his blaster rifle properly in two hands - the rifle-stock is too long to fit behind his arm and his fore-arm armor bends the gun if you try. His front two solid sculpt belt-bags are completely in the way so you cannot raise his leg up and forward! This makes the double-joint in his knees useless. Moving his legs out sideways is the best you can do with him.Lastly, there are elements in the body sculpt that impede this posability - ankles do not allow for the feet to turn up even slightly to make the figure crouch, armor elements on Fett and the Sandtrooper get in the way of them  doing - well, just about ANYTHING besides stand at attention. This doesn't make a lot of sense when you consider the recent Hasbro Marvel Legends which are capable of a great many dynamic poses and are often weighted properly so they can stand unaided. Hasbro has the team - why aren't they using them?Essentially, if you must have these figures then do yourself a favor and leave them in the packaging where they'll look great. If you mean to display them you're in for a great disappointment.
For the money you spend on this toy, made in China for pennies, you would think they could've thrown in an off switch or volume control.  It has been left alone in my daughters room for three hours and it's still making noise. I hope we won't hear it in the basement tonight!
If you are looking for an excellent toy to give to your kids, try something else. If you need some overly complicated nonsense that falls apart as the package is being opened, but a lll means, by a few of these.
Poor quality.  Not impressed.
These guys are terrible. Yes, they bare some semblance to their characters Rumble and Ravage, but emphasis on SOME. Start with Ravage - head and front legs - so-so. Looks a little more bat-like than jaguar/puma, but meh, ok. Then you look at his back legs. Yuck! Even in the stock photo it looks terrible. Very awkward tail section that is mostly empty/sticks up weird.And Rumble - my goodness. If "Rumble" does not come with his massive arm-mounted piston-y attachments that he pounds the ground with, thus causing the ground to "rumble," then how is he Rumble?? He is a generic looking robot who transforms into a data disk.Laserbeak isn't much better, but at least he comes with the actual Soundwave toy. These two guys are not worth it unless you are so SUPER diehard in which case you should probably wait for the Masterpiece version. Seriously, not to burst anyone's bubble, but these are lame. I can't imagine a kid or adult getting much entertainment from them. Don't buy unless it's like 5 or 6 bucks including shipping. As someone else already stated Toys R Us has them for 10.99 and we all know Toys R Us is no bargain, they usually overprice everything by a few bucks.
After reading all the reviews, I got this loom for my daughter. She loves it and can do it herself, however the look itself is very short and only makes bracelets big enough for my one year old son. I have to add more rubber bands by hand when she is done so she can make a bracelets big enough for her and she is only 5.
There's a lot to like about LeapFrog's "Read with Me, Scout", but you'll quickly discover that Scout is no replacement for reading a book with your little one in your lap.  This is true for parents AND (more importantly) the kiddos.Scout's got a lot of tech crammed into him, much more than your average squeezable, interactive plush toy.  Set up is a snap (we had Scout unboxed with the help of a scissors in less than 3 minutes).  You begin by pressing a color coded button on Scout's collar that corresponds to the cover the chosen book.  He's got a pleasant (but somewhat on the loud side) voice that sings songs, giggles when hugged, asks your child questions that relate to the story being read (e.g.: "Do you feel happy or sad?  When you feel grumpy, what helps you feel better?"), and of course reads one of five stories.  You can pat Scout on the head to move along with the story or follow one of his other instructions (e.g.: "Pat my cheek to hear my elephant sound!").The interactive portions are above average in their creativity compared to other similar products on the market.  Nonetheless, you'll still get what you pay for.  This isn't a supercomputer that has infinite variability and/or artificial intelligence.  After one time through each book, the rapport starts to sound very repetitive.  Kids pick up on this nearly as quickly as the adults who wish Scout was in another room.  The replay value is therefore limited, which you'll soon discover after you've burned through the five short board books.The first time we played with Scout, play time lasted just over 15 minutes before my 4-year-old moved on to the bubble wrap he came packed in.  (Honestly, it held his attention almost as long.)  Play time has diminished since to the point where Scout is a nearly forgotten afterthought in our home.It's easy for me to say, since I received Scout courtesy of the Vine program, but I cannot recommend this highly enough:  Take the money you're thinking about spending on Scout, supplement your child's library with quality picture books, and enjoy some precious reading time... together.
I have two girls that wanted this for Christmas.  We returned one because my youngest was terrified of hers.  It can have a mean personality if you tease it and it growls.  You are able to reset it and start over but we weren't able to get friendlier results this way.  My eldest, 9, played with it constantly and I wanted to throw it out the window.  My husband and I found ourselves hiding it after bedtime.  We actually don't know where it is now, thank goodness.
I have said this before, but toy companies have gone really cheap with the way they make the toys now.  This thing isn't going to last, so cheaply made, a lot of the items are cardboard.  It was a cute concept but porely executed.  And for $50, I mean really.  I am not surprised because Mattel made the Monster High House for $80 and it was just as poorly made, but without all the cardboard, they changed to cardboard and cut the cost by $30, I am unhappy either way.  We all remember the days when playsets were made better and cost less!  Doll houses growing up, GI Joe playsets, Starwars ships, etc.  Seriously this is just crap.  Even now, playsets for boys are far more creative and better made - Teenage Muttant Ninja Turtle Lair for example.  The thing is huge and made better than this playset.  OK, enough of my rambling, my daughter loves it, she doesn't know better, but I know the thing will be in next years garage sale.
I love K'NEX and I like Angry Birds so I figured the K'NEX Angry Birds Ice Bird Breakdown Building Set would be a lot of fun.  The bird and pig figurines for the set are very cute and well made.  Sadly, the overall toy was terrible.I understand what K'NEX was trying to do: merge K'NEX with the very popular Angry Birds theme.  Unfortunately, K'NEX's attempt to blend Angry Birds into their toy mechanics resulted in failure.While the bird and pig figurines are cute, the model of blocks that the pigs sit on is darn near impossible to build, let alone keep intact.  The Angry Birds video games are fun, because you get to knock down whatever model the pigs are residing in for that level of the game.  The catch is that, the Angry Birds is a video game.  The soon-to-be-destroyed model is assembled for you and you can reset the model infinite times with a simple screen tap.K'NEX's attempts to make a model that can be assembled and destroyed by using parts that barely hold together, falls woefully short of its goal.  Their intent was for the model to be destroyed and rebuilt as you played the hands-on version of Angry Birds.  Unfortunately, the result is a toy that can barely be assembled, let alone remain intact long enough to actually play Angry Birds with it.K'NEX should not attempt to emulate video games that require elements that do not translate well into the real world.  This toy is a failure as it only brought frustration and disappointment.  Angry Birds should be left to video games and cute plush toys.  K'NEX should stick to making toys that actually work.
This game went over like a led balloon at our family gathering.  Parts of the rules were confusing.  We had to improvise some of it.  I thought it was mediocre, but no one else liked it or even wanted to finish the game.  We were playing with a group of 6 teens to seniors.  It just wasn't enough fun for all of them.  This is a group that LOVES games, too.
UPDATED June, 2014: This is one of several durable and cheap Chinese RC helis that fly very well due to a (no longer) unique flybar linkage that doesn't fight control inputs. At best, its durability, low cost and heft encourage a sense of adventure - but that heft can do damage; a WLToys V911 is a much better choice, especially as a present for a kid.Or get the new Blade 200 SR X - it's the best performing Fixed Pitch (FP) heli you can buy!
This dinosaur toy is an absolute waste of money. I'm not sure I even understand the concept of a dinosaur toy mixed with a matchbox car toy; it seems a little forced. On top of that, the design of the toy is very poor. After playing with it for no more than five minutes, the car ended up stuck in the bowels of the toy and it took me a while to be able to get it out. When the whole toy collapses (a feature about which the box boasts), it is very difficult for a child to reopen it in a way that makes it stay open. I'm not even sure I completely understand why it closes in the first place, except to make it easier to transport, but it is way too easy for the car to trip the gizmo that closes the toy. It's just not very practical for little kids. Our kid loves to play imaginatively so he's been enjoying it, but it's not at all because of the toy itself. It just seems lazy on the part of the toy manufacturer. Sad to say, another plastic dust collector.
Just like my review for the Dino Destruction Mayhem item.... this item confuses me as well.  The &#34;clay&#34; that you have to put into the molds is a strange mixture and it doesn't come out of the molds, you have to twist the molds and squish them just to get the stuff out, so then it loses it shape of whatever it was supposed to be and some of it is still stuck inside the mold.  The &#34;launching&#34; of the &#34;boulders&#34; doesn't work because the clay stuff didn't really dry so it was just a lump of stuff.  My son didn't like this one either.
There isn't a whole lot to this toy.  I picked it up through Amazon Vine for my daughter, who happens to love super heroes, and while she loves to play with the Superman and Zod action figures, the playset itself doesn't seem to interest her much.  It has a little jail in the back, two props for holding each figure so that they can fly at each other, a missile launcher, and a container for Superman's chest plate and cape.  The container is a neat feature, but my daughter was disappointed that Superman himself couldn't fit in it because it looks like a rocket ship.Because there isn't much space for the figures to stand on this playset, and because there isn't much for them to do other than fly at each other with the props, I wouldn't recommend this toy.
When they were sitting around, thinking "What new toy can we come up with?", on paper, this must have sounded like a great idea - kids can race their favourite Cars movie characters around a track which flips between Willy's Butte and the Piston Cup Race. What's not to love, right?Unfortunately, what emerged was something flimsy and poorly executed....and I'd be upset at paying full retail price for it.So let's begin at the beginning.There was no clear easy-open option and after some tugging at the end flaps, I finally ripped the box open. It seems someone delighted in using something akin to superglue to seal the box with, so it took me approximately 2 mins to open the darned thing.Next came sorting out the pieces and applying the stickers. This took an additional 18 mins to do.Then came the assembly, which entailed deciphering the single sheet with all pictures (no text). This took an additional 25 mins to do. All told from when I when to open it up to when it was finally finished and ready to be used, 45 mins (so be prepared, those of you wanting to give this as a Christmas gift).In case you're wondering at the length of time, I work as a supervisor for a customer care center for a large RTA furniture company, so I'm not a complete idiot when it comes to instruction sheets or assembly of products.There is a pump on the toy that shoots the cars round the track. My one was, at first, jammed up. Eventually, I grew frustrated with it and slammed it....whatever I did worked and it started pumping, rotating the mechanism.The flipping section of the unit is haphazard, flipping over when you least expect or want it to. I've yet to try using multiple cars on the track, but I had a hard enough time getting just one car to function properly on it. In all honesty, I found the Piston Cup Race section easier to use on the car. I did manage to get the car to go round a few times on the track, although occasionally I found it flying off the track or sliding round on its side.I will be giving this to my grandson, although I suspect he will have a hard time with the pump, and will probably just push the cars around by hand. There is nothing of educational value in this toy (other than how to hit a pump, and in my experience that's hardly something that a child needs to be taught) and I'm somewhat concerned of the durability.I think it will have limited appeal to kids who are die-hard fans of Cars (the movie). Otherwise, I think it's probably best giving this one a pass, certainly at the price point at which it's being offered.
I will admit that I had been reluctant to buy this toy for me almost 5 year old for almost a year now.. We see it in stores and he always wants them. Well my mommy instinct kicked in every time saying this line of toys looked easy to break and bad news..Well my son at last had done something he had been trying to for months and it was a big deal an as a reward we said he could pick out ANY toy he really wanted (Within reason) and he asked for this.Well they only had one left at the store and it was still listed as 40$ and I knew they were cheaper online so I told him the one in store looked broken and beat up (and it did) and we would order it online.Well 2 days later this was at our door step and he was thrilled.First off, I was 100% thinking the unpacking of this would be a pain. That being said, I was STILL blown away with how much of a pain it was.. After 5-10 min of just getting it out of the box we got it all ready to try out. Pushed the button to make it go annnnd disappointment! First off it could hardly move on our floor.. Then it started making a awful clicking sound.. We took it too our tile floor and still it had a hard time moving and there was clicking still. After checking I found that it was a &#34;normal&#34; sound and that it was just very loud.well I left my kiddo to it and not 60 seconds later he was crying that the dinos leg was broken. Broken?You can bet I was a bit pissed thinking how on earth did he break it THAT fast. Well he didn't.. The legs on the dang thing can very easily pop out of place and then it can't move and looks a bit like a dino rag doll.. It's very hard to pick it up and move it without the legs doing this.Over all I now have a toy the is a huge pain in the butt for me the parent to &#34;fix&#34; every few seconds for my kiddo.For the price you pay and it being a name brand I would think it would be better built and not so flimsy. We will not be getting the other toys like it that's for sure..
Every now and then you buy a toy for your kids and you the parent are more angry over the quality than your kids.  This is a good example.  First off, the whole micro drifter concept is silly.  It's like squinkies, they're just too small and albeit stupid. Now the selling point here is the Cars theme.  Every boy including my two boys still love Cars.  This track set gives the movie some bad cred.  These little cars don't move fluidly on the track, more like tossed around.  Just not a well designed nor well constructed toy. Beware.
Bought this guy with all the figures for my 4 and 5 year old as a Christmas gift.  Sigh.  Didn't work.  The controller never worked.  The dude, even when inserted correctly into the box got stuck and you have to take it apart to get him out.  Apparently this happens often enough to be included in the directions.  Lots of batteries needed.  Sent it back for a full credit from Amazon but had to keep the little dudes since we wore open those packages on Christmas morning....thank goodness I kept the box for the Beam Box.  I got a good deal at $38, it's now selling for way more.  I wouldn't recommend...not that I got to play any of the games but it does feel very flimsy for the age group it's intended for.  The worst part I guess is the kids disappointment.
There is not a lot that is positive that I can say about this toy, from concept to execution.  Granted kids will sometimes gleefully destroy their creations, or their sibling's creations ;) However other sets we have from Lego, Tinkertoys, Lincoln logs focus on building, creation and imagination, not destruction.This set offers a bit of that, as kids make buildings, cars. There is not as much imagination involved, as they are using molds which are complete buildings and cars.Included in the set are 2 colors of modeling compound (red and blue), some plastic molds, a molded plastic dinosaur catapult and coated play surface.  None of it is done well, starting with the box which is not recloseable and needs to be taken apart to open the set.  There is no way to put it away again.The modeling compound is gritty, has an interesting texture.  It has to be kneaded  and then pressed into the molds.  it is very difficult to get out again(without ruining the model), and does not come with a tool, unlike the PlayDoh Fun Factory  The clay has to dry for 24 hours to harden, at which point the little modeled rocks thrown weakly at it are supposed t destroy those buildings?  It doesn't work, nor does the catapult.  Since I am discussing the clay, nowhere did I see the word non-toxic.  I would not buy this for young children.  Additionally, the instructions caution that it may stain household surfaces.  Really, this is about the worst modelling compound I have seen in a set for children!The molds are hard, not flexible plastic, which is what makes removal of the clay (either hard or soft) so difficult.Probably the highlight of the set is the dinosaur, which is relatively sturdy.  The catapult, however, is not much of anything.Finally, there is the play surface, laminated cardboard with a street and parking lot, boxes for where buildings go.  It is nether sturdy, nor something which encourages imaginative play.The set may serve well to help parents vent holiday  shopping stress, if you can find a way to actually destroy the buildings (and not house-hold surfaces).
Very difficult to transform, more junk from china.  So sick of all the crap we are buying that don't work the way they should!
The pieces don't fit together well, and the lights are pretty lame.  Holding it all together while the kids played with it proved to be more than they wanted to deal with.  They ended up drawing one time looking at it with the dim lights and grew quickly bored.  The lights don't shine over the whole board, so they become almost secondary.  The drawing surface and backdrop keep sliding around and don't lock into place.  Overall, this isn't a very well conceived toy.
The car concept was fun for me and my 5 year old to put together.  We had never put any of the Knex kits together so both my son and I were excited to have a new project.  The instructions actually took a little getting use to but after we understood I liked them so much better than the Lego instructions.  (Everything is light/gray except the pieces you are putting together.)  This did become a challenge though when you had a gray piece to add, we had actually missed it in the instructions and had to go back, which is common anyway in building detailed pieces.  The low score rating is actually for the Knex pieces themselves.  When we got half way through the project it became very unstable.  The pieces didn't fit tightly and the project often fell a part.  We actually put it away at one point because we were both getting frustrated that the piece kept coming a part (which was often done by me, the adult and not the 5 year old).  I probably will stick to Lego's brand unless a kit comes up with Knex that looks exciting.
Hmmm I am very reluctant to buy this for my kids.It is an alright product, of course way overpriced for kids.Biggest problem is, why is the pre-pubescent girl dressed in skin-tight clothes, with her black panties on the outside, highlighting the crotch area?Could have given her a different costume design, I am sure there are more conservative ones they can think of.So.... just 2 stars.
cute camera not so good price i got on a lighting deal so got at a good price i would have been mad if i payed full price  great play toy thought BAB pics
These alleged &#8220;learning activities&#8221; are framed within three alleged &#8220;mysteries&#8221; in which the player has to complete the activities in order to earn &#8220;clues&#8221;.  The first mystery involves missing shoes, the second involves missing rhinestone items and I haven&#8217;t worked up the gumption to plow through the third mystery.  Each mystery has ten sections, and at the completion of all sections the &#8220;clues&#8221; are jigsaw pieces which assemble to show the culprit.  Before, after and in between each section you are subjected to inane babble between Barbie and one of her perfect-looking friends.The &#8220;learning activities&#8221; are, at best, only tangentially related to the &#8220;mystery&#8221;.  In one activity you have to find the &#8220;hidden&#8221; items.  Except that the items are sitting in plain view.  There are several &#8220;hidden items&#8221;, but you are only instructed to find three.  Afterwards, you have to sort the names of the items, along with similar words, into columns.  For instance, if the hidden items were a star, a cup and a crown, you might have to sort those three words, along with pup, gown, car, down, bar and sup into matching columns.Another activity comes when Barbie goes to interview someone.  The activity involves picking out what the character is &#8220;thinking&#8221;.  There are three objects floating in mid-air and you may be instructed to pick one that starts with the &#8220;h&#8221; sound, for instance.  I often found it difficult to adequately hear the letter sound as pronounced by the game, but it&#8217;s still not terribly hard as two of the three objects start with the correct letter sound.Other activities involve inserting the proper letters to complete the given words and other sorts of spelling activities (one such activity involves printing t-shirts &#8211; go figure).  The game comes loaded with many words already, and you can also upload your child&#8217;s spelling words.  As with all of the activities, the difficulty of the words increases or decreases based on your child&#8217;s performance.In addition to the mysteries, there is also a &#8220;map&#8221; which will allow you to travel around and do other activities, but they are all very similar to the ones listed above.My kids and I all found these activities very repetitive and boring after a few rounds.  It was a chore to complete enough activities to get the &#8220;clues&#8221; to solve the mysteries.  And the solution is not exactly earth-shaking when it comes.  If you&#8217;ve paid even passing attention to Barbie and her friends&#8217; inane chatter, you&#8217;ve long since figured it out.Furthermore, these activities really aren&#8217;t &#8220;educational&#8221; &#8211; that&#8217;s just a ploy for companies to get dedicated parents to spend lots of hard-earned money to &#8220;enrich&#8221; their children&#8217;s education.  The young and developing brain is not hard-wired to acquire literacy through these drill-and-repeat sorts of exercises, especially through electronic media.  If you really want to develop your child&#8217;s literacy, blocks, Legos, Play-doh, boardgames and other sorts of toys are far better for developing pre-literacy skills.  And, of course, the best way for children to actually learn to read is to read actual books with a parent or other fluent reader.  If you want your child to be a good reader, let them learn to love reading so they&#8217;ll do a lot of it.
Worst product ever. Don't even think it does anything other than loading some extra levels? You are much better off using your fingers.
This game is a small plastic figure.  Push the nose, and it will ask various questions.  For example, Jinn will say, &#34;think of an animal&#34;. Then it will ask a serious of questions, and one answers &#34;yes&#34;, &#34;no&#34; or &#34;it depends&#34;.  However, after this cycle, it once again asked the player to choose an animal.  It was repetitious and one quickly loses interest.
After reading the dismal reviews of the traditional Operation game--of how it had been reduced to being made with cheap, substandard components and of how, in being re-configured to make it easier to play for smaller children, it lost all semblance of challenge--I opted to buy the much pricier Disney version of the game and found that I'd been equally duped.  This game is just as poorly made and just as boring to play, but costs over twice as much.  What a rip off.
I bought this for my nephew for his Birthday. I did read that it was 90 pcs., but I guess that I thought that since I paid $16 for it, it would be a nice size. When the item came in, I was surprised to see how tiny the box was. I felt like it is not much to show for $16, but there are not many Ninja Turtle Lego sets to choose from. Still on the fence about whether or not I will keep this item. I suppose it depends on whether or not I can find another small gift to go with it in time. Just disappointed in the size product that I received for the amount that I paid for it. By the way, I did see this a few days later at one of my local retailers for $12.99.
These smell like petroleum or some strong chemical. I'm returning them as I can't use them not knowing what is causing that strong odor. It's awful.
Review of figure:Sculpted figure of Joker from the video game `Batman: Arkham City Origins.'Head moves.Shoulders move.Elbows move.Hands move.Waist moves.Crotch moves.Knees move.Feet move.Figure is painted different colors.Bottom line: Not really impressed with the figure. It remains unsure if it wants to be a nice lo-budget sculpture with useless articulation or a heavy hitter in the league of useful and abundant articulation.Never been a fan of clowns. Seems to me that it is a tiresome theme to make a "bad/evil" clown. Figure reminds me a lot of a certain King of Pop.Just short of starting Kindergarten, my parents were short on holiday cash thanks to a failed investment in holistic magnets and pager booths my dad got involved in. They grequently heard chatter that the Nevererland Ranch paid well. Very, very well. As to why, why or how much, noone really knew, but those with kids were encouraged to discreetly apply.No questions asked. Just a fun weekend of music, dancing, carnival rides, petting zoo, all the junk food you wanted for a good time pajama party groupies enjoy with a real King. Nothing beyond that could be discussed.Apparently, the multiple applications my parents submitted over the years were rejected. They were further told that I was too old and too fat and to not bother applying any more after my thirteenth birthday.It was quite the rejection considering frail, pasty-faced kids like that 'Home Alone' brat got all the play time that he could be handled.Neverer being able to experience firsthand this rumored place of splendor, I've grown slighted towards anything that closely resembles what could have been.
These bands are so soft that they seem like they will break at any second.  The color are as advertised but they are thinner than the other brands we have had or received as gifts. I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone.
Rainbow Dashes leg came off the day she got this doll and I couldn't get it to go back on.  I thought maybe it was a fluke, but then Twilight Sparkle's leg came off a few days later!  I ended up having to gorilla glue the dang things on. So now only one leg moves.  :(  I get that sometimes the legs get popped off with rough play, but why not make them so that they can be put back on?  ( she wasn't playing with it roughly though!)
The idea of this track is that cars can run on the upper track or on a lower figure eight track. You place the car in the starting area, crank it up, and release it into the track. Since there's no bottom panel, for the lower figure eight track to work at all, the toy has to be on some sort of hard surface, but it functions properly. The upper track is where we have problems. If the car is wound up enough to actually make it around the circle, it jumps the track every single time. There's a winner's circle that is completely manual. You press down a little wall to lock it in place, rotate the part out of the way, and then press a button to pop it into the way of the car so it's now routed into the circle. First, it's difficult for a child to time this and, after about three times locking the wall in place, it stopped locking which makes the winner's circle non-functional. So, overall, all we got out of this toy was a wind up car that runs figure eights on my kitchen table and is probably scratching the finish.As far as assembly, it took maybe 15 minutes and was fairly simple. I do like that the pieces snap tightly into place and stay put, unlike many other tracks. This is good since it will need to be carried up and down the stairs because we don't have hardwood floors and I want it stored in my son's room instead of on my kitchen table.
We got this toy for my 2.5 year old for Christmas.  He played with it some that day and has played with it a handful of times since.  However, the thing is quite tiny, flimsy, falls down very easily and the pieces just won't stay together. You have to constantly set the whole thing back up, and it doesn't last long.  Its almost always in pieces on the floor.  As soon as your kid plays with it, its falling apart again.  The sounds are pretty cool, and the car twists around, but this toy doesn't have long-lasting play value.  We own a lot of car/train themed toys, and this is one of the least fun in my opinion.  I threw it in the trash today.
The basic design of the dolls aren't bad, but the actual play value of them is lost in that design. Sofia and Amber's heads are very easy to pop off and while ours haven't popped off several times, it's only been a day. Like other reviews have mentioned, the only doll that can stand on her own is the Queen Mother, while the King and James topple over with the design. The point of this design is that their voices will work on the soundbox of the castle you can also buy...big mistake. If they activate voices at all, it's only Sofia's voice. I paid $24.98 at Wal*Mart on this and it's maybe worth $10 at the absolute most.
My daughter was so excited to get this game from Santa..... We tried playing it a few times and his belly just wont pop. Was going to return but don't have the box, should of listened to the other reviews but I fell for the &#34;improved&#34;
Okay, I bought this because other reviews said this thing swims and I thought my daughter would like to play with it during bath time or in the pool. The flipper moves back and forth, it COULD give the effect of swimming if you were holding it by the waist. But the arms do not move, the thing does not float it sunk straight to the bottom of the tub and never returned, you could see it kicking its flipper though. I dont know if this one is defective or if they just dont swim period. this one doesn't and that is why it gets a 1 star rating. Item not as described.
Stuffy is suppose to speak but does not. We are very disappointed in stuffy. He did not work from the start but our granddaughter likes him.
This is a cute item, but for what I got it wasn't worth what I paid for it. I would not purchase it again.
Came defected and was to be a Christmas present. There were no more in stock. Seems a delightful toy when working. However, I was impressed with how efficiently it was picked up and my account credited.
I loved this game as a kid.  I bought it for my kids and was excited to open it and play with them. Unfortunately we opened it up and it was broken.  BUMMER
I have the full set of these beanies from Just Play. I wanted the Chilly from this company as well. What I received was the one from the disney store. I could have bought this weeks ago here on Amazon for less than I paid for this one, If you are looking for the Just Play branded toy do not buy from the Mistic company!!!!!!!! The mouth is weird looking. If my daughter hadn't already opened it I would have returned it
the game came with my large order, and inside the shipping box was a damaged package for this game. it has a giant hole in the top and side of the box, which allows the pieces to fall out of it, which will probably get lost. NOT ONLY was there these two holes but the box itself also looks like it was sat on or something. everything else in the shipment was fine and undamaged, but this was NOT what i had expected. not only that, but i can't get a refund without paying shipping costs also.. all i want is refunded for this, and that probably wont happen becasue i cannot locate how to contact seller about the problem... NOT A CHRISTMAS GIFT if its damaged.
I've seen several reviews that say it does not go off at night, but most of them had not taken the toy out of the package yet.  Once you remove the toy from the package, and take it out of try me mode by removing the plastic piece, it is so loud, and it goes off all the time.  If your child sleeps with it, even if it's not near them, if the bed even slightly rattles or move as they stir in their sleep, it will start making this weird moaning noise.  I have no idea what's up with that.  I agree with those who have posted - what kind of toy comes with no on/off switch?  We have the Scare Pal Art and Scare Pal Mike as well, and those go off on their own as well, but not as bad as the Sulley.  It is a cuddly toy, and if your child loves Sulley, they won't want to be separated from it, but you will want to be after it goes off making scary ghost noises through your nursery monitor a few times.  This toy is great for kids, but bad for adults who want to sleep through the night.
The string somehow got wound up in the middle, and now we can't fix it. Very expensive and didn't last long.
The toy is super cute and say quite a few sayings when you press his hand, but his neck is broke right out of the box.  Actually broke is not quite correct.  The neck is a stiff, but slightly flexible material to hold the thin neck and head up.  Sadly, rather than extending the material into the body where there would be some support/material to hold the neck steady, they end the material right at the base of the neck so the head and neck then want to constantly tip over at about a 45 degree angle.  It will only get worse as the toy is actually played with.  For saving a few inches of material, they end up with a neck that wants to flop over.  THe only good thing is that my kids did not see it first and I can return it.  It is so cute and looks and sounds just like Stuffy on TV, but I am returning it.
You need these to play with the talking castle but dont expect to hear all of them. I feel the "phrase unlocking" is a marketing scheme! We were expecting each family member (we also purchased the Royal Family Giftset and the Royalbed) to say a phrase in their voice and we never heard the father or the brother talking. The queen says a phrase every once in a blue moon, and no matter which character you place on the talking spot phrases are random by random characters. Sometimes you hear Clover, most of the time Sofia and once or twice the sister and the mother. We have never heard the brother or the father. Also dolls head fall apart easily and you will be asked over and over to put them back together.
Out of all the dolls in the non-deluxe set Pinkie Pie is most true to character. Her face is adorable and very true to our happy-go-lucky "Pinkie." The hair is cute and super curly/fluffy. The sparseness of the plugs is a lot less noticeable than it is in the other non-deluxe dolls. It's a shame Hasbro couldn't spend half as much time on their Equestria dolls' quality as they did their design. The doll is even worth less than the retail price (probably ten clams or less)--certainly not the marked up prices going around.These dolls are cute, but really look nothing like the characters from the "Equestria Girls" movie. They look more like a product of weird MLP Furry fanfic. Obviously, they were made before the movie came out and the creators of the movie must have decided they were too weird to appear to fit into a normal human high school. :) Some kids won't care about this, but I'm sure a number will notice it as soon as they see them and find that disappointing.Their quality is a mixed bag. The faces are painted beautifully with glossy paint and glitter. I'm not a big fan of heavy makeup on dolls, but Hasbro made their faces a mixture of whimsical, but tasteful and cute. The styles of clothing are sweet, too. Very neat colors and designs. The dresses/skirts tend to be a bit short, but they are girly enough (in a childlike sense) that it is cute versus "sexy."However, the positive trails stop there. The actual quality of the clothing is a nightmare! It is cheap and poorly-made. A lot of the dolls' clothes aren't hemmed and are ragged on the bottom. The seams on some of the clothes are starting to fall apart in the box. It's a shame Hasbro had to be so cheap as they already got around the clothing costs by making a lot of the dolls' tops painted on the body.This wouldn't be a biggie as fashion doll clothes can be exchanged with other brands or hand-made by a talented child/parent/collector. However, any creativity on making future clothes is limited by the shoes. They are part of the feet. As a parent and toy collector, this trend really bothers me to begin with. It is really gross and creepy taking off the shoes on the footless dolls. It also sends the really negative messege to girls that shoes are more important than feet. Yuck! As a parent, I find this very impractical and wasteful as shoe/feet can be easily lost and you end up with a doll who forever looks she had an unfortunate accident with a machete--a lovely marketing technique to force you to buy future (cheaply-made) outfits to obtain more "feet." If you are a parent worried about this, it may be a good time to break out the super-glue. Come on, Hasbro--these girls were PONIES. They need their feet. At least make them into hooves.Also, the bodies on the Equestria Girls in the smaller packages are very cheap. The legs are stiff plastic. Only the ones in the deluxe fashion sets bends at the knee (the more expensively-priced Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy). I never understood how toy companies could make dolls like this as it seems to be a safety hazard, but it's also low-quality and not as fun to play with. A few Barbies have legs like that, but they are either dolls for tub play (so they don't mildew) or ones that are marked well into the $5-7 range--which tells me Hasbro is trying to cut corners every way possible to make a buck and the Equestria Girls are ridiculously over-priced.Finally we get to the hair. The plugs in the front are tight and close together, but the plugs past that are *very* sparse. Pinkie Pie looks better than the other dolls at least. However her hair is typical pony hair which is fine for a small pony who has mane that is a couple plugs wide, but a future nightmare to brush out on a fashion doll with a head full of hair. Not at all the quality you'd see in many other dolls (Barbie, Disney Store, Monster High, some Bratz, etc...).All-in-all, I don't think I'd purchase this doll if I saw it in the store--not for these prices (or even the retail ones)--or I'd only buy my kid's favorite character (Rainbow Dash). I discourage fellow parents and toy collectors from spending any less than retail on it (if even that). This doll just came out so it "appears" scarce, but I'm sure will most likely be available and on sale at most stores than carry ponies. There are many other dolls that are higher-quality in the same retail price range or less.
Update (April 8, 2014): I was able to "fix" the broken leg by splitting open the upper leg area at the seam where it's glued. This seam wasn't very strong and may have already been split, leading to the leg falling off. From there, all I needed to do was line it up and apply a lot of pressure, and the socket in the leg slipped onto the ball on the hip. I then used model cement (Tenax, a very thin, extremely toxic glue, rather than the thick, gooey Testor's stuff) and clamped the leg halves firmly together for the better part of a day. By clamp I mean REALLY clamped - using a bar-type clamp that has enough strength to squeeze the plastic halves together and cause some of the softened plastic out of the seam. Since then, the doll's leg has been fine. Shouldn't have to to this.Original review (Nov. 12, 2013): My younger daughter, 5, loved this the moment I gave it to her. Within a week, the right leg had broken off, apparently bent too far which resulted in the leg separating from a ball joint at the hip. It appears to be irreparable, unfortunately. My wife points out that Barbie dolls have easily replaced legs because Mattel knows this is likely to happen. I've been messing with this doll for weeks now trying to get the leg back on, and the only way I can see is to split it at the seam, pop it back on, and attempt to glue it. I haven't bothered yet because I doubt even the nasty, caustic model cement I have will heal the split seam. My daughter love it, so I give the "fun" aspect 4 stars, but the problems force me to rate it 1 star: avoid, not worth the money or heartache when your child can't play with it anymore.Another odd thing with this doll is that the boots are the ends of the legs. They are removable and swappable with other dolls, but it can't be played with minus boots like most other dolls, with just knobs at the ends of the legs. Not much fun unless there's an amputee theme going during playtime. Perhaps the manufacturer wants to enlighten the youth of today about sensitive issues such as this. A teachable moment, as they say.
The prop protectors are nice, but.. comparing to X1 - the smaller props give less power, the stability is ok, but cannot fly much outside - way to light and more sensitive to wind. I don;t like the battery hookup - the cable is short and get's stuck too often... A standard JST connector or one like in x1 would be better. The front and rear props are the same color.....Still ok for learning to fly indoors.. but I'd rather do X1 anytime... This one is a step back, not forward in my opinion! Just add the rings around X1 and it will do way better! The controller is weird too, and the X3 does not seem able to bind to other controller.. that's a negative too. Considering the price, it's still a fun toy, but compared to the power and stability of X1... this is not a good investment....
This toy does not stay together well. Many of the attached parts fall or snap off far too easily. It does not have much stability and easily gets tipped over especially on carpet. The elevator ramp requires a deft touch to raise and lower without accidentally yanking it off.That said, if you have a child that is mature and gentle enough to play with a toy softly and as intended, then this toy can be entertaining. But if your child is a Tasmanian devil, forget about it.The truck is well made and slides down the track reliably and fast. There are a lot of buttons that trigger vocalizations that "interact" with your child.I've listed a lot of negatives, but at a price point of $16, it can be worth it for the correct child.UPDATE Aug 2013: The durability of this product is poor. It became unusable rather quickly because multiple parts of the track won't stay together properly.
The Disney Cars Stunt Racers Double Decker Speedway could have been a great toy.  Kids love the Cars movie so a track that features a way to replicate the movie experience into a playable format should be a great hit right?  Wrong!The toy proved a bit complicated to assemble though thankfully all the pieces have letters that indicate the sequence in which they fit together. Once you put it together you quickly realize how poorly designed it is.  The bottom track requires a hard floor to work properly (it wont work on carpet).  The top track has a section that rarely works at all (the car always seems to get stuck).  What fun in a racetrack if the car gets stuck in the track?To make matters worse, the track only comes with one car so the dual launching start gate is totally useless unless you spend extra money on more cars. Overall this had about 20 minutes of playtime for my kids before they became bored and were ready to move on to the next toy.  This is not worth the money at all.
First I should tell you I consider myself a fairly handy person. Snapping a few pieces of plastic together should be a breeze. Wrong!Just getting the box open almost took an act of congress.  I finally used a large butcher knife to pry the box open. Open the end opposite the cutout, which shows the doll, or you will have to repeat on the other end to get the pieces out. There is an "instruction" sheet with black and white pictures showing the assembly. No instructions. The purple door is first. The "Hinge" is too long for the opening. I finally got the doors in by bending them. Next is the floor. Hold the walls in a curved position while putting the slit tabs in matching slots. Half the tabs will miss. Pry the floor off with a screwdriver and try again.  At least one tab will miss. Pry the floor off and try again. I finally broke one of the prongs off a tab with needle-nose pliers to get them all to fit.After about three hours of pain and suffering I had a little pile of plastic which will keep a kids attention for about thirty minutes.  Of course the whine "Will you get me the other dolls?" will last for weeks.Four AAA batteries not included but they did throw in an extra doll because they'd had complaints of the head falling off. OOOOOOH! so special.Would I spend $59.99 (half my weeks groceries) for this toy? No way in heck!!!Note: The "Clover" hide-n-seek part was missing from my kit. Shannon, in customer service, was unable to find a replacement part but did kindly offer to send a voucher to use on another toy. If you don't know this by now this is a newer version of the castle which came out with cardboard floors and a major problem with the heads falling off the figures.Another note: If your instructions look like mine (a badly done zerox copy) you can go to service.mattel.com , look up the instructions for the castle and zoom in. You will get a better copy.
At face value, these seem awesome, and when the package arrives, they look awesome and bright through the plastic bags that they are packaged in.  However, when you open them they have a pungent order that makes me not want them, and I suspect that if you are planning on getting these for your kids, or for use near kids, animals, skin, or your nose, you don't want them either.I tried to get rid of the stink by letting them sit out for 2 days.  No change.I tried to get rid of the stink by washing them in warm soapy water.  No change.I tried to get rid of the stink by dousing them with lemon juice.  No change.
I opened this set, somehow my boy doesnt like it as the gears are abit hard to link up and its quite boring
Yuck- the holes are way to big making this game boring and not challenging at all.  This game has seen better days
When I read about the Magic Jinn game, I thought it sounded like a great deal of fun--perhaps like a junior version of twenty questions. While I didn't expect it to be a sophisticated toy, it is really quite inexpensive looking and tiny (the difference between a Christmas gift and a stocking stuffer, this comes across as more of a novelty stocking stuffer). With the assistance of three triple A batteries, your tiny blue cat is ready to challenge you. Think of any animal, no matter how obscure, and the Magic Jinn will ask endless questions until it narrows down your guess. An adult with a wicked streak might be able to outsmart the Jinn, but most small children will choose appropriate animals that the Jinn can guess. So far, sounds good.I know that some might object to the cat's rather sassy attitude. I, however, didn't mind that it poked fun at our intellectual prowess. If your kids can't withstand the playful taunts of this plastic cat, I worry about their survival in the big bad world.My problem with the Magic Jinn is much more fundamental. It simply isn't much fun. The kids thought it was amusing once. Once you've done it, though, it becomes unbearably repetitive. It asks the same questions, it utters the same phrases, oftentimes it doesn't hear your responses. It's a decent idea, it just lacks replay value. After two turns, Magic Jinn was left behind and there has been no interest in reviving him. Might make an interesting diversion at a party (a very quiet party) where the kids only do it for a day, but not something that will be treasured or thought of very often otherwise. KGHarris, 10/13.
So, I just reviewed the picture game Dixit.  That one is far better than this one.  Where Dixit took the familiar Apples to Apples format and modified it to fit the purpose of the game, this variation of Apples to Apples doesn&#8217;t do enough to make the concept fit correctly, and the pure randomness of the pictures provided make for an awkward game.  We really wanted to introduce this to our daughters, who are too young to play Apples to Apples with us but are always asking to be included.  This was too bizarre for them to comprehend.  The cards are so strange that finding ways to make them fit the emotions on the green cards is very difficult for younger ones.  While Apples to Apples itself thrives on some of the randomness, children tend to take things literally and my daughters were getting extremely frustrated trying to find cards that fit the words they were given.  It sounds like a great concept, but the execution here is lackluster.
Children today are used to the camera phone and slim point and shot digital cameras which are why my nephew and my niece did not pay much attention to the Playskool Showcam 2-in-1 Digital Camera and Projector (Gray).  I tried to show them the nifty features of the toy, however the size and the look of the toy is not what they are used to.  This is a large, heavy camera with nice simple buttons to take pictures, edit pictures and project images, however the outward packaging is clunky and needs to mimic current cameras and smartphone cameras.  It gets one star for indeed working as a camera but that is all.
This was a Christmas stocking stuffer for my five-year-old son. We have several iPad "accesory" toys that range from super cool (e.g.Disney Cars2 AppMates by Spinmaster - McQueen/Holley Shiftwell) to eh, kind of neat (e.g.Battleship Movie zAPPed Edition Game) . This Angry Birds one is the first utter and complete dud. It does, basically, nothing. You can't use it for any kind of actual gameplay ... The first time we've seen that. You can't slide it across the iPad, or use it to launch birds. It's a just a magnet that you stick on top of the screen and it then opens a few levels on Angry Birds HD. That's it. That's all it's good for. A one-second payoff. Dull as dirt and a waste of money at any price point. Avoid.
The Crayoloa Dry Erase Light Up Board seemed like a big hit when I told my 8 year old son about it.  As soon as the item came he was quick to open the package and was eager for me to help him set it up. Unfortunately that is when the excitement faded.  As we put the board together it turned out to be very cheaply made with construction that does not look like it will hold up. Once assembled the final result is a flimsy looking product that was difficult to use.  The pictures do look cool once lit up but honestly it was not enough to hold my son's attention for more than 15 minutes.  Add to this the difficult clean up and my my son did not want to play with the light up board again. This could have been a great product but its poor execution made this below average.
I pretty disappointed with the design of the toys. If u wan to collect Transformers, buy the Generations. it way better
im supposed to review things i have played with throughly, but i really cant use this character more than once!2 reasons:1. what's with the smug look? I wanna bash this punk's head in2. why is he wearing the black panties, just like what his sister and mom are wearing?????sorry, this does not do it for me.
I've played with K'nex construction sets in the past with the kidlets - most recently put together a suspension bridge and they are fun.  However, in this particular incarnation, K'nex is trying to be like Legos, and they failed miserably.Apparently the K'nex people didn't realize that the same people who buy Legos would be attracted to this product due to its similarities and didn't pay attention to how clearly the Lego instructions are laid out.  With the K'nex instructions (all graphics, no words) it wasn't clear if you were supposed to use two of one item or if the arrow between the items meant that you were moving the piece in that direction.  It wasn't clear if you were using two really tiny pieces or one tiny piece in certain sections.  I am the family instruction reader so I know good instructions from bad, and these could have been much clearer graphically.One of the main problems, though, was that the blocks didn't lock together very tightly in instances when they had to overlap rather than be exactly on top of one another, and the design didn't allow for reinforcement of those weak spots, as the Lego constructs are designed to do.  We never actually got the car fully put together because it would break in half before we could put the top section on; after five attempts we just gave up on it.I would reiterate the manufacturer's warning about a choking hazard.  There are a lot of very small pieces in this kit that would be dangerous to small children.  And some of those pieces were very tiny and easy to drop.  It didn't seem as though the package contained any extra pieces to possibly compensate for those that might drop and disappear in carpets.I have to agree with the other reviewers that it was amusing that the there were instructions for assembling the Peter character, when he came fully assembled, and that in order to place him within the car you have to remove the lower half of his body.  I don't watch the TV show "Family Guy" so I can't comment on whether a toy based on that program is age-appropriate; to me it was just a K'nex toy that I thought the kidlets might like.So, in summary, don't waste your money.  While the plastic pieces appear to be well-made, the same care wasn't taken in the creation of the instructions or the interlocking design for the car.  If you can't actually make it stay together, it's rather useless and becomes just an exercise in frustration.  As the kidlets told me to tell you folks, "this one gets a bad review".
I gave this to a 5 year old who I would describe as being intelligent but enjoying age appropriate games and activities.  He thought this game was &#34;babyish&#34; and didn't enjoy it at all.  The gaming systems kids have now, including the ones they play on their parents phones are so much better in terms of graphics, playability, etc.  I don't see a niche where this game would perform well.I also think having it run on batteries is a big ZERO stars.Lastly, I'd call this a $15-20 toy at most.
This is a compact little race track for the "Micro-Drifter" Cars. The track comes with 1 car... Lightning McQueen, of course. Being Cars fans around here, we loved the idea of this cute little race track which operates by "pumping" the round part to get the cars going. However, it just does not operate very well. It's supposed to be able to flip over to have a choice of tracks, but that seems to add to the flimsiness of the product rather than the versatility. Having so many movable parts that don't connect well makes it hard to use. The idea is very cute. If it were a better quality product I would probably be interested in adding to our Micro-Drifter Cars collection. As it is, I probably won't bother.
My son is a fan of Imaginext characters -- he has several of the knights, castles, and monsters -- so this Apatosaurus seemed like a good fit.  But don't be fooled.  He's big, but he's not nearly as cool as the other figures in the set.This is basically an articulated Apatosaurus (a plant-eater, but the fangs on his mouth imply he's tough enough to bit someone).  His mouth opens, his legs move, and he can swivel his head.  So far, so good.But what makes this big guy more than a dinosaur is the apparatus on his back.  It's a weird Barcalounger that winches upward to bring the rider to the same height as the Apatosaurus's head.  And it has two brightly-colored (but not glow-in-the-dark) projectile launchers.  It also has a flip-up sight that's for the kid, not the rider.This big blocky thing clicks into the back of the Apatosaurus, and it's saying something that the harness can be removed completely.  My son of course took it off in about five minutes, and then had trouble getting it back on.  The dinosaur doesn't need this harness, although the rider does as there's no other way to sit on it.Without the harness, the dinosaur has two modes: roaring, and walking.  These are manipulated through a swivel button on the top of his tail, and beneath it is the off switch. The problem is the roaring mode, which does something more with the harness when it's connected.  It lifts up the seat, fires the guns, and spins a rotor with a lot of PEW! PEW! sounds.  This sequence goes on for far too long, it fires in random directions (the child can't really aim the figure, because he first winches up into the air then fires, so you have no idea where he's going to shoot), and it has an annoying clicking sound as it attempts over and over to lift the seat.  In other words, the mechanical mechanism to lift the seat/fire the guns keeps clicking long after it lifted/fired, which is just annoying.  It's all over so quickly, and yet the sound effects keep going, like if we just pretend hard enough we won't notice that the two missiles have already been launched.As a dinosaur, this is a pretty cool toy.  But all the whizz-bang special effects fall far short of other Imaginext toys (it's got nothing on the interactive castle series).  He's more dino than mega.
Crayola's Create 2 Destroy Dino Destruction Stomping Mall takes a great idea and fails to deliver on it.  This arts and crafts project comes with two tubs (red and blue) of putty that feels like wet stand but sticks to itself and not to anything else.  When I first opened the putty and we started playing with it, I was impressed.  The idea is to take the putty and squish it into the provided molds to make small cars, buildings and other objects so that your included dinosaur (looks like a Stegosaurus with a tail that can flick balls of putty that you can mold inside the dinosaur's shell) will be able to destroy them later.  The problem is that the putty takes forever to dry.  The larger molds will take a few days to dry through depending on humidity.  If you take the putty out before it is completely dry, you'll end up with garbage.  Obviously, if you choose to then destroy your creations, you'll run out of putty.  The putty is not very easy to work with in general and it is fairly difficult to make anything out of it with or without the molds.
I like the overall concept of this toy which allows kids to endlessly create structures to destroy. However, everything about the toy just feels cheaply done.The toy doesn't even come in a real box, but rather a taped cardboard sleeve. This means there is no place to store the toy when you are done playing with it. You will want to get your own storage container to keep the many components in one place.As soon as I pulled the toy out of the packaging sleeve, the thin, plastic, clay containers fell on the floor and broke.The playmat is made of thin cardboard which won't lay flat well which is sort of important if you are trying to balance a structure on it. You are better off just not using the playmat and building on a table surface.The catapults are made of decent quality plastic. However, the molds are made of thin, flimsy plastic that will get distorted easily.The manufacturer states the toy is appropriate for ages 4+ but I think that is too young for most kids. I think it is better suited for much older kids maybe around 8 years old and older. You need a more mature kid to have the patience to build the fortress, not mix up the different colored clay, be gentle enough not to break the molds, and clean enough to pick up all the clay and put the many components away.I really like the concept of this toy which allows kids to be creative and build disposable structures. If they came out with a premium version with quality components, it could be great.
I got this free from vine, thank god - if I'd paid a penny for this I'd be livid.  I'm angry just at having it in my house.  It's so bad I can't  even give it away because I think that would be cruel to the receiver.First, putting it together is a nightmare.  The directions have no words and the pictures are completely unclear.  It also comes with the decals separate and you have to actually follow more directions to figure out where to put all the stickers.  I really hate when toy makers make me put on their stickers.Once I finally got it together, I was sure I must have done something wrong or been missing a piece, because in many places it had big gaps where the picture on the box shows the pieces fitting together. I waited for the engineer husband to get home and fix it, but he only confirmed my fears - that the toy was actually as it was supposed to be.Putting aside the rickety, non-fitting nature of the thing, the more important issue is that it didn't work.  You are supposed to push down the red button, slide the car into the cylinder, and it shoots it out the other side.  But at first when we pushed down on the red button, it didn't budge.  It was stuck somehow.  We jiggled it around a bit and got that working - most of the time - but when the car goes in, about half the time it just gets stuck in there.  I had to fish it out with a pencil.On rare occasions when the car did shoot out, on the blue track side it just flew right off the track.  The brown track worked OK.  But the brown track side wouldn't stay flipped down.  You flip it over and it swings right back.  It doesn't hold in place.Now to all this frustration add a whining 4 year old who really wants to play with his new toy.This toy is completely awful.  Don't buy it.
This toy can be safely put away into the next Goodwill giveaway or recycling project. I am inclined towards recycling. It is cheaply made junk. The minute it is out of the box, disappointment hits you. I happened to take it out of the box next to Playmobile set. The difference is staggering. The plastic it is made of looks cheap,the toys do not have detailed features, everything has that poorly made look. Total waste.
To be honest, my son really likes this toy. He's 4 and doesn't realize it's not working like it's supposed to. I can't get it to open all the way and the car doesn't stay on the track. My son has decided to use it just to put stuff in the dinosaur's mouth, so it's getting used. It's just not the toy I thought I was buying.
We bought this for your young son and were excited to get such a great deal (otherwise the cost is prohibitive for all but adult train hobbyists). Set up was easy, and it worked brilliantly Christmas morning (huge hit!) and for a couple of days after. But then there was obviously a power connection failure, as the train stopped working. Each car we'd place on the tracks, the lights would just flick on and off repeatedly. We tried reconnecting all track segments, etc. No motion. So, we processed an exchange via Amazon. The replacement delivered quickly, but one of the wires on the engine that runs to the tender (which generates the sounds) arrived disconnected. (Defective right out of the box! This was not shipping damage.) This train runs fine but makes NO sounds. Unfortunately, we had already packaged and returned the first train&#8230; seems one needs to essentially &#34;pick-a-part&#34; to assemble a functioning train! So sad that Lionel is not living up to their former brand. We have a few used HO engines and stock with EZ track; some of these are Lionel and function well. My son is gentle with all the trains and can set them up and use a transformer. Apparently Lionel rushed this new O gauge Polar Express set, and released a sub-standard product. And I agree with others that having to unplug the power supply is ridiculous. (How hard is it to provide a power switch?) We might wait for the 2014 model, but cost could be a barrier.
The first thing I want to point out is that the majority of the 5-star reviews on this product appear to be written by the manufacturer.  Conveniently the "people" who wrote them have also posted 5 star reviews for other games by the same manufacturer, or have written no other reviews at all.  Also, if you read the reviews it is clearly just marketing spin.  Because of this highly unethical practice, I immediately recommend you boycott all games from this manufacturer.That being said, as another reviewer mentioned, this is clearly a game to play when you're drinking (and you better wait till you've had a few).  Most of the cards are super lame, there is literally 0 point to the Klondike theme, and really this is just a great way to make your friends want to go home.Is the game really 1-star bad?  No, probably not.  But due to the unethical practices of the manufaturer reviewing their own product, I am forced to give it a 1-star review, and will never buy ANYTHING from this manufaturer.
I know the idea of this set is that you build it and then shoot birds at it to knock it over, however, the K'nex don't stick together long enough to actually assemble the thing. By the time you finally (with a lot of effort to not swear violently) get the whole thing assembled, you and your child will have built each segment at least three times and reattached each pig at least six times (and each time you place a pig, you'll break at least one part of your planet structure.) By the time you fire the two birds (after you figure out just how hard you have to squeeze to get the birds to fly - hint: harder than you imagine you need to) you'll likely hear your child say, "well, at least the pigs and birds are fun."
This could have been built soooo much better. It's built very cheap... lots of cardboard inserts. The bed is super skinny and low low to the ground., even with the little legs out. the mirror is hardly reflective and I don't think the dolls fit well with the backgrounds. The doll was the only thing here, that someone might want. The idea is good, but could have been constructed so much better. I expected so much more for $50.00
My daughters just got 2 of these in the mail as xmas gifts from there aunt.  I let them open it and after only making a couple bracelets one loom broke completely  and the other bent in two spots.  We have several looms already and this is by far the worst! We have several generic and real rainbow looms, there are many generics out there that are just as good as the original, but  not this loom!  I reccomend looking at others listed on Amazon, do not waste your money on this one....
These transformers are ok, but no where near as cool as the originals. They are difficult to transform and the legs easily fall off the Ravage character. I would highly recommend purchasing a replica model on Amazon or searching for an original on Ebay.  You will pay much more, but you will get a toy that your child can play with that will not break and make them cry.
Twenty dollars for a single Lego minifigure who only has dual golden swords?  No thanks.  The price is outrageous.  Unfortunately availability it limited on the Lloyd character.Lego has a seperate stand-alone set of Lloyd newly released calledLEGO Ninjago Lloyd ZX 9574.  You get a lot more for your money from that set than this ridiculous item.However, even that item I gave a negative review of, because that is also way overpriced.  Legos can be expensive, but you can get so much more for your money if you actually go out and buy theLEGO Ninjago 9450 Epic Dragon Battle.  It goes for around $120, but by the time you buy the stand alone Ninjagos in sets like these you will have that much money tied up in this product, and you get so much more value for your money with the Epic Dragon Battle set.
This is such a mysteriously awful product, it's hard to encapsulate in words. Somehow it annoys well beyond what you would expect. Expect the tinny, poor quality sound. Expect irritating jingles. Expect it to feel light and even cheaper than you imagine possible.Be amazed at its remarkable resilience, because despite me trying to break it, it has resisted. I have stood on it, dropped it, and spilled water on it, and nothing seems to kill it.It's like a zombie that plays octopus jam band tunes- the worst kind.
We received two as gifts.  I was stunned to see how expensive these are!  We opened just one, and my sons (4, 7)  were curious for a bit, but stopped interacting with it for a few days and now we have demonic furby on our hands.  Did you know that if you ignore it he becomes kinda evil?  What if you go on vacation?  All in all, I think this product is a waste of time.  It's cute, and maybe a girl might like to care for it like a baby doll, buy my boys are nominally interested in it only and I wish I could pass it on to someone who would actually enjoy it!  I think there are just better ways to spend your time over caring for this "toy".  Cannot not recommend at all.
Our boys love these toys and the show.  I dislike the price, but the other rescue bots we've purchased have been pretty good for both the 2 year old and the 5 year old.  This model however, lacks the durability and quality of the other 4 or 5 we own.  It does not stay in "truck" mode, and it's not as smooth in the "transformation".  I'd recommend sticking to the other models (Heat wave is by far the best).
When the Max Steel Turbo Morph Max Steel Figure came I was excited.  The packaging and the concept of the figure was great.  I couldn&#8217;t wait to let my nephew have at it&#8230;. My nephew was excited as well.  It took him a lot longer to open the package that I thought.  It took several minutes even with my assistance to get it removed.  The action figure was a little fragile and a one of the wings sustained slight damage during the unboxing.As the name suggest the Max Steel Turbo Morph Max Steel Figure &#8220;transforms&#8221; from a winged humanoid into a futuristic fighter jet/ship.  It has a feature that seems very cool.  It safely shoots a missile.  The problem is that it comes with one missile and it took 20 minutes to figure out how to load the missile and get it fire.The instructions were less than useless.  I expected more from a historic toy maker like Mattel.  This toy was put down in about 30 minutes (don't forget it took nearly 20 minutes to open and figure out how to use it).  It seems way more fun than it turned out to be&#8230; It would be great for a toy collector&#8230;but not so much fun to play with.
We spent more time putting this game together than actually playing it.  As another reviewer commented, after you do put it together it does not stay together... it does not "snap" in place so when you turn it over to put in another balloon it falls apart and you have to put it back together.  Also game play is pretty simple and fast... the balloon pops within 2-3 turns and then you're on to the next balloon... it's not the balloon version of "Jenga" which is sort of what I expected... not a lot of suspense, just 3 rolls and you're boom boom done.Also a bit annoying that it requires a balloon pump yet does not include one.Issues aside, this isn't really a game, just a way to pop balloons quickly... and I'm guessing your kids can do that just fine without spending the money on this product.Sorry, can't recommend...
This toy is sad. Get it if you want to collect but it is by far the ugliest action figure ever produced by hasbro. All of her joints are just poorly done and her neck sticks out at a jacked up angle like she merged with &#34;the fly&#34;
My two-year old daughter got this as a Christmas gift. She loves the Fisher Price Little People, but this toy did not hold her attention like other toys in the princess collection. It is really cheaply made, and there isn't much to do. She lost interest in it almost immediately and hasn't played with it much since we put it together. We also found that the latch to fold the castle together doesn't align properly, so it's very awkward to store and won't close. I wouldn't waste your money on this.
Nice color, but it does not fit the leap pad ultra snugly. The two year old who plays with the device immediately took it off because, well - she is two and she could. The gel wrap is for looks only, it provides little if any protection we found.
As a toy dealer at a local monthly toy show held in a vacated grocery store, I have a responsibility to the community and my patrons to offer the latest products at a reasonable prices reflective upon the demands of the market.Every day I drive my '93 Ford Ranger pick up truck around town to various brick and mortar stores in search of said products. Through various online networking from various message boards, blogs and e-mailing lists, I am able to time my searches at the most opportune times. As a result, I am there when the lowly store clerks take out fresh stock to be unloaded for sale. Those are my ideal situations that I prefer to deal with.However, on occasions more numerous than I care to account for in specificity, the clerks will fail to deliver the products in any reasonable fashion while I am at the store. Often, I find myself reporting the clerks to management or going all the way up to corporate with an angry phone call (ticks me off when I waste minutes on my costly GoPhone while on hold) or at worse, sending them a well-documented email.Similar to all the polling data that ensured a landslide victory for Mitt Romney in November 2012, this Imaginext Wonder Woman figure was supposed to be the next big thing and must have item for this holiday season. The heightened demand to the relative price would be reflective.I forfeited my usual Hot Wheels Treasure Hunt excursions and focused on grabbing up all of the Imaginext Wonder Woman figures not only in my area, but in several other towns in neighboring counties. As a shrewd businessman, I anticipated to turn a tidy profit after paying off the debts to finance my exhaustive efforts in obtaining a stockpile of the aforementioned figure.Sadly, much like the election turn out, things did not pan out as hoped for. To avoid paying hefty fees at tax season, I will be making several trips to local landfill with my pick up to unload this poor investment.
was not worth the wait cheap very cheap I thought it was from the walking dead tv series my mistake ,I hope if anybody wants to purchase this don't not worth the money it says the head is suppose to turn but than you read the back you need to buy other characters to do so so be prepared to shell out more money the doll looks like something you get out of a bubble gum machine as well as the other items included I will never make that mistake again and I would advise everyone not to purchase from this person she said the most hurful thing to me and also lied said I should have said in my past review that I preorder it well she also stated it wouldn't  be released till august which I find very funny and she as well I saved her email stating it shipped july 15 and I should have it by the 18th of july than another one said 7-18to7-22-2013 as well amazon  will help me thank god for them she also told me not to say nice things about amazon its about a sale and also told me I probably be dead before I got the girl so why should I want her her words, because im terminally ill and my hospice nurse orders for me,i threw it in the garbage it looks like something that comes from a 25cent gumball machine, she put in parenthese it wasn't release until august yet I saved the 2 emails from her that it shipped july 15 than another one said 7-17-2013-to7-18-2013 so she lied in her rude email to my patient said she didn't no why she order this doll because she probably going to be dead so why order it I hope everbody on amazon reads this it is not a joke for someone to be so cruel to someone who in deed is terminally ill should be ashamed of herself, I also received a email stating she would credit my patient for waiting so long but my patient wants nothing from this person very very bad person should be more respectable exspecially when selling on amazon a good and honest company who cares about there customers,and was very helpful to my patient I would like to thank all of the people that helped my patient she was hurt very badly she cried a good 3hrs such a very hurful thing to say that my patient shouldn't even order it sense shes going to die anyways her words buyers beware of japonaliya I don't no if she works for mvp sports but I would assume so sense she sent my patient the review from amazon discussion board from that company I cannot believe they would hire such a rude person if anybody preorder the govenors daughter with the  fish tank and body parts chepest thing I have seen the dollar store sells better items and for 20plus dollars it was a big rip off that's from metro city toys-mvp sports beware of the junk they sell well not all is junk but this was she has bought from them before and was happy but this is just not handle wright I really think the president or a manager from that company email a apology to my patient because it is due asap im going to tell all my friends that shop amazon not to purchase anything from this company till they make this right with my patient.
The only real plus for this product is that it's mess free, but that doesn't matter much if no one wants to play with it.  Little ones can use their fingers to make a design on the gel-like substance or use the stylus that's provided.  There are six colors and different music that plays along with each color.  Neither of my boys seemed to care too much about these features.  My oldest boy (3.5 years old) loves doing crafts, but hasn't been at all interested in this toy. After several weeks, it's gotten almost no playing time.  In my opinion, it's bit of a dud.
We were lead to believe that Doc McStuffins stethoscope was suppose to light up and activate the companions, Stuffy, Lambie, etc.The one positive is our 20 month granddaughter loves all of the chacteracters.
I would not buy this again.  The snails that go with it are great, but the truck fell apart way too quickly.  Terrible quality.
This toy will be making  a secret trip out to the garbage during nap time. I will keep the little dusty plane, but the set is such a huge source of frustration it isn't worth the space it takes up. The plastic pieces are flimsy and not stable at all. The buildings do not click into the base so they fall off all the time and my 3 year old is so frustrated the set won't stay together that he has a fit every time we get it out. I suppose you could superglue it together, but even then it isn't worth the price they are charging for the set.
These new little people disney sets are so cute! I bought my daughter the princess castle with all the people and she loved it. I saw this in Walmart, so did the &#34;Easter Bunny&#34; and it was in my daughter's basket on Easter :). Well.....as cute as it is it's pretty boring for kids. One figure can sit on the ice and you can spin it back and fourth...that's about it. My son who was 15 months at the time didn't even look twice at it either. So sadly it sits in our toybox. I think more adults love this then their kids
Item came very quickly and that was nice.  However, I was left with disappointment.  I buy lots of elves of different kinds cause I love having them sitting around at Xmas.  The price was so good on these that I took a chance.  Now I know why they are marked down.  They are not full price elves; not even the nice price I paid.  Very cheaply made.  Their outfits are a satin like material and not the nice felt like most of my elves wear.  I would not consider them a toy since I fear a small child would have them torn apart in no time.  More like a cheaply made holiday decoration.  Just didn't turn out to be as cute as they looked online.
As a child of the 80's, I have seen Rubik's cubes of all shapes, colors, and sorts.  I've never been particularly good at them, but I always like to pretend.  I was sent this innovative version of the Rubik's cube for free from the manufacturer to review.  When I first took it out of the plastic bag, I was a bit shocked.  It was covered in a slimy thin greasy film that got all over my fingers.  It was like some sort of machine oil to keep it slick.  Whatever it was, it took me a long time to wipe it off.  It was really gross.Once I got it clean, I played with the mechanism some.  As promised, it is a lot smoother than the original Rubik's cube.  I liked the bright colors and the fact that they are not stickers but rather colored blocks.  It seemed like would be a lot of fun It even includes a velvet storage bag.Unbeknownst to me, my son noticed the cube on my desk of items &#34;to be reviewed&#34; and took it upon himself to try to solve the puzzle.  Somehow he ended up popping out some of the cubes.  Once a few came loose, it was a cascade of loose plastic parts.  I am trying but I can't figure out how all of these things go back together again.So it's greasy when you get it and breaks easily.  I'd recommend you pass or just get the original Rubik's cube.Note: I received a free sample for the purposes of review.
The roll pin comes off each time i move it around or try to roll back paper or something....poor quality, on my list of returns.
- Update - the base cracked within the first few uses - still usable, but barely -Tee ball is a great way to introduce your young child to the joy of baseball. Older children (and adults) can use a tee to help lock in a swing by focusing on swing dynamics and less on tracking the ball. The SKLZ Youth tee is definitely a youth tee since children over the age of 8 will probably be to tall to use it.Notes-- Light enough for a young child to carry but still heavy (and sturdy) enough not to flip over every time someone hits off of it.- No real assembly required- Sits flat on the ground and holds the baseball- Adjustable heightFinal verdict - Trust the description this really is a tee for youths, but is a good one.4 1/2 Stars
I purchased this puzzle for my toddler this afternoon.  When I opened it I thought the pieces were made from wood composite.  Unfortunately, althoguh it does come in a wooden box all 4 puzzles are made of a thick cardboard.  I never buy cardboard puzzles because of fear that they will bend and break.  This is exactly what happended within an hour of playing with it.  My daughter bent a piece trying to take the puzzle apart.  I will be exchanging it at Target tomorrow only because my daughter loves Doc McStuffins.  I do not expect this puzzle to last very long.
Disney missed the mark on this Princess Sofia Royal Prep Academy board game.  The biggest downfall of this is the fact that it really isn't very interesting or fun to play!  The idea is kind of like a one sided version of battleship, but the 'tokens' you hide aren't placed on the board all at once, but by direction of a card.  So, one person plays Sofia and the other plays the hider.  Sofia's job is to open windows and find objects for her charm bracelet. The hiders job is to pull a card (each turn) and follow the instructions (ie: hide a token in the window).  When all the cards run out, the players switch roles and after round two, they see who had the most charms on their bracelet.  You can see how that doesn't sound like the most exciting thing on earth, right?  As far as difficulty, this isn't difficult.  It's more frustrating, really, as you have to open windows multiple times because the tokens are placed so slowly onto the game board.  I don't think the fact you have to play this game twice to find one winner works in its benefit, either.Set up is somewhat involved, as you have to push out all the windows (of which there are many) before playing the game for the first time.  The board is a hard cardboard and the pieces are pretty thin plastic.  I have a feeling these pieces aren't terribly durable.I can't recommend this game because I don't see it getting much (if any) use because it just isn't very interesting.  Too bad, as I love the character of Sofia.
The Godzilla Jr I got from Amazon came with the cardboard sleeve that was part of the web exclusive from japan.  That part is very cool.  The figure itself has very loose joints and his left hand keeps falling off. Subsequent engineering of the Monsterarts figures features thinner body parts and huge gaps in the shoulder, hips and stomach/waist joints.  While this allows for a bit more range of motion, the gaps are pretty ugly compared with the first Godzilla release.  I would say that unless you are trying to collect every figure in the Monsterarts series, this is not worth the purchase. For the money I'd rather get a 2012 UltraAct.  Those comes with tons of accessories and gimicks.  Godzilla Jr. came with 2 helicopters which really didn't look all that great.To clarify the size of this guy, a lot ot reviewers on Youtube say he's about 3", he's really more like 4" tall and his tail is another 4" long.  The size of a Star Wars/GI joe figure from 80s.
We bought the train set for Christmas and our 2 1/2 year old loves it so much.  We decided to get this one as an add on and I wish I would have gotten something different.  The pieces do NOT stay together!!  He's SO frustrated.  We've had it a day and I'm ready to throw it out the window.  The little ramp falls down every time he touches it, and the &#34;elevator&#34; piece falls out or goes crooked.  The crane works ok-ish, but with everything else falling apart it's hard to enjoy.  Maybe it would be ok for an older child, who won't throw a fit every time it falls apart, I doubt it, but maybe.
My 4-year old grandson was really excited to open the box and put this playset together. Unfortunately he lost interest in it rather quickly. The playset is easy to assemble. No batteries required. All the parts and pieces are very small and easily misplaced even while playing. We kept losing track of the crushed vehicle piece. The most fun this toy has to offer is the car "crusher" and launcher. (Spoiler alert: it doesn't actually crush the car.) Once the novelty of that wears off there's little to keep a busy 4-year old interested, and the parts are definitely too small for 3 years and under. On our play set, the crushing lever and the launch button have a tendency to jam which makes me question its durability. I don't think this playset is a very good value for the price.
I'm sorry I spent the money on this item. My daughter is a big Sofia fan but she lost interest in this almost immediately. Plus, sometimes it just doesn't work properly or you have to fiddle with it to make the amulet read the card. This might be more fun for a very young girl but my 4 year-old was not terribly impressed. She prefers the Disney light-up amulet.
My kids would plead with toy manufacturers to create a greater and more intelligent range of figures for imaginative play, rather than limiting toys to the same 4 characters, only with slightly different ad-ons.  If you already own a Pinkie Pie figure, and a Pinkie Pie glitter figure, and a Pinkie Pie black and pink figure, do you really want a Pinkie Pie with helicopter?  I mean, don't worry, we end up buying them all, anyway.  But what can you do with all those Pinkie Pies?  How about a helicopter sold separately, or a Granny Smith instead?  My 7-year-old renamed this version &#34;Pinkie Dork&#34; because of the helmet and matching dork-a-copter.  Imagine if, as an adult, you collected stamps or something, but the Post Office only printed the same 4 stamps over and over again.  I have the same complaint with Barbies, because we have a huge bin filled with the same identical blonde Barbie, only this one came with an Easter bunny that cost one penny to manufacture, and this one came with a scuba suit.  It would be so cool if you could buy add-on packs for pajama parties or Halloween costumes or Christmas parties or different themes, but no. Are there kids out there who actually just brush the doll's hair as intended and dress her and that's it?  Does anyone make up games, in which the dolls or figures talk and have personalities and complex story lines? Once we got a stash of pristine '80's Barbie clothes from some kids who had been in daycare and never played with their toys, and my kids made an awesome roller derby league with all the blondes, giving some spiked, gelled cuts and redoing their makeup with Sharpies.  Their current pony game is called Amish and Mennonite pony, in which the ponies have to wear buns and little hats.  Maybe desperation is a font of creativity.  So, go ahead, keep manufacturing the same 4 identical ponies...
I've been a fan of Transformers since the original when I was a kid. Now that I've got boys we've started playing with them again. While I'm not that big of a fan of the jagged, movie Transformers,  we still play with them. But many times, like with this one, the old version is far superior.First,  this brightly colored, jagged and slightly small version didn't fit with the others we already had. I have a Grimlock from the animated series from a couple years ago that is actually gray and larger than the standard figure.  This guy is bright purple and smaller.He also doesn't transform well. Like so many of the movie Transformers, this one transforms oddly. Basically this guy just opens up. So when he is a figure he looks weird.I still love Transformers, but I'm not happy with this one. If you want Dinobots and can find them go with the animated series from a few years ago instead.
It is not that I don't like this bird, I had high hopes. It is more similar in design and build to the V911 than the V912 is, so I figured it might have similar flight characteristics even though it is much larger. But, the other reviews are right. It does not fly well into the wind, even with the boost button depressed. I had to get it back home by flying backwards one time. I've read that moving the connecting rods out to the 4th hole on the servo arms will help this so it will be worth a try if I decide to keep this bird. The biggest problem is right out of the box, the tail motor forces the tail to spin left, even with full trim adjustments on the tx. This is really bad. I read of one other review where this happened about a month before I got mine. Bad batch? Who knows. I suspect that the circuit on the board is sending too much voltage to the tail motor. Is this a prequel to board failure? Don't know that either, but I do know, If not for this problem with the tail, I would like this heli a lot as it does feel stable when I can keep it in a hover.
The product is too small and so cheap that the figures aren't attached to the bases so they will stay on the bases and stand up.I wasted my money on this product.
This is one of those games that you may like or have no interest in. Unfortunately, this didn&#8217;t interest our family. Instructions to set up the Truth Meters were inadequate. We lost interest after setting up the Truth Meters.It&#8217;s also unclear who the target audience is for this. I imagine that many 12+ yo would find this game to be boring. For younger audience, the game may require adult involvement. In either case, with many choices for games and activities, the interest in this game is not likely to last longer than 1 or 2 games, unless maybe if you're on a 12-hour train ride across the country.
My almost 2 yr old LOVES Elmo and my brother gave this to him as a gift for Christmas. Elmo is mostly played with in the off position. My son really likes to give Elmo &#34;milk&#34; but all Elmo wants to do is go potty. He is not quite talented (he talented for his age) enough to put Elmo on the potty when Elmo requests and he is not interested in always putting Elmo on the pot. Elmo therefore always has accidents. To avoid this potty issue Elmo is often left in the off position, which is unfortunate because my son really likes to have Elmo drink and if Elmo is on he will make sounds when you give him his &#34;milk.&#34; Take it for what it is worth, this Elimo is much less expensive than other Elmo toys I just wish that he would not have to pee all of the time.
although my son was thrilled with this plush, unfortunately it started losing hair from day 1 and now at some spots its hair free...
Not really impressed with this wimpy interpretation of a Batman. He doesn't look like he could fight his way out of the open end of a wet paper sack.Am I missing something or is this just Jarvis dressed up as Batman?
My daughters, 7 and 11, are pony fanatics who own enormous bins of pony figures and regularly cruise local toy aisles to check for new pony merchandise.  Their constant complaint is the lack of new pony characters, including boy ponies, for imaginative play.  At some point, they started customizing their ponies with haircuts and Sharpies, because, who wants five different Pinkie Pies or Rainbow Dashes, whether glitter version, articulated, or not?  The ponies that most baffle them are these medium-sized ponies.  Are they designed for toddlers?  My 7-year-old renamed Flip and Whirl Rainbow Dash &#34;Rainbow Ouch.&#34;  It doesn't take long for a kid to tire of watching the pony repeating its same trick, launching itself like a weapon, and it's a matter of time before a kid starts to wonder if the toy can be used as a weapon and launched at someone, for an added twist.  &#34;Wanna see my awesome flip again?&#34; the voice repeats, and parents will say, Please, No!  It's less sonic boom and more sonic concussion for Rainbow Dash, and if you gave this toy to a toddler, she might pull the legs back into sitting position and inadvertently launch it someplace that will ouch.  It must be meant for toddlers, though, like really well-behaved or docile toddlers who will not tire of watching the pony flip, listening to her say, &#34;Wanna see my awesome flip again?&#34; and brushing her inaccurately-long mane.  We would rather see more standard-sized figures in a variety of characters for imaginative play!
Don't get me wrong, the game itself was fun to play. But it wasn't what I had expected. If you have yet to see the movie, DO NOT play the game as it will destroy the storyline. The look and feel was there like all the other Lego Games, but again, it was rushed out the door. Replay ability? Not really after you beat it other than collecting what you missed in regular game play. I give it a 3 out of 10.
Bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son for Christmas and was excited about it.  When I set it up early Christmas morning so he could wake up too it I already knew it was going to be a hassle.  The crane and chute don't stay attached and the &#34;tracks&#34; come apart easily.  You have to finesse the green &#34;lift&#34; up to the crane for it to work.  My son got frustrated with not being able to operate anything properly with it falling apart and it now sits in the corner in his room.  Maybe he will be able to play with it more when he is older and has more hand-eye coordination.
I've got to confess that we're not huge fans of the show--I watched a little of it solely to see (well, hear) Tim Gunn and it isn't part of the little one's usual rotation. But I figured we'd give the game a shot.Opened the box...and spent about 5 minutes punching out windows, then putting the plastic flaps over them. It's not exactly working in a salt mine, but it's not exactly the kind of thing you want to do while your kid is sitting there waiting to play a game. I've got to confess that I put the plastic flap windows on the wrong side of the house, so in my pocket universe Sophia lives on the outside of the castle while the rest of the world is on the inside, sort of like Wonko the Sane in SO LONG AND THANKS FOR ALL THE FISH.Once we started playing, we were both underwhelmed. The gameplay is amazingly flat for a game designed for a toddler/preschooler. Here's how it works:1. You flip over a tile.2. You then hide a charm or a friend behind one of the windows.3. Your kid then spins a wheel, which tells her how many windows to look into4. If she happens to open a window with a charm behind it, she puts the charm on a bracelet5. At the end, you tally her points, then move onto the next kid (or yourself, I guess) and play again. Whoever has the most points wins.Not exactly riveting stuff. We played once, and will probably not play again. I'd like to meet the three-year old who will sit down for ten minutes opening windows and letting you pin charms on her, then wait patiently while someone else plays, then tally up the points. Most adults I know wouldn't sit through that unless they've got money riding on it.
Not as funny as I expected and more expensive than it should be for a board game..  Must watch every show to know the answers.  Teens might enjoy it, but I was disappointed.
Thought it would be great kids gift so messy with the water and the fish swims for such a short while before he qquits probably wouldn't buy again
I think that people know that these are hard to find, so they gouged the price.  This was the most disappointing thing that I have ever opened with a smile on the box.  Hallie the Hippo and Perry the Platypus were the only things my three year old asked for this Christmas and when I paid 27.99 for this item, and opened it up, I had the same feeling that she did on Christmas morning when she saw it.  She barely gave it a second glance and cannot cuddle up with it or sleep with it easily.  She did get Stuffy the Dragon, who talks and is much bigger and was a dollar cheaper on amazon.
They don't make the pirate ships like they used from another brand name.  So here are all of these &#34;knockoffs&#34; trying to look like the original.  Limited functionality, there's not much to do with this thing.  Not worth the money.
I bought this for my 10 year old son.  It worked great for the first 5 minutes on the wood floor in our living room.  Then it stopped turning and it did turn, it never drifted like it had the very first time.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund since it just didn't seem durable for outside and didn't really ever work.  Maybe mine was a fluke, but I didn't want to mess with it.
We arrived home to find this game on our doorstop. It was not in a cardboard box ... it was shipped via UPS unboxed and with stickers right on the toy. And, I mean A LOT of stickers (including a very sticky, plastic baggie with an invoice). Therefore, the box was quickly damaged when we tried to remove all of the stickers. We have games from ten years ago that are still mint. Obviously, this will not be one of those.The only "good news" here is that we will not be hanging onto this game. It is shockingly cheap ... cardboard pieces instead of durable plastic ones. It takes a bit of time to assemble the tower, which would be fine if the game were fun and engaging. It is not. There is no challenge presented and there is not one educational aspect to the game (and we really tried to think of someway to redeem this product and could come up with nothing).Sure, it's cheap. However, it is not even worth the small investment. Grab one of the other Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle games, likeTMNT Discovery Gameand avoid this one until there is a serious revamp.
This was a Christmas present for my children and after using it one time I realized the box was broke! The entire side of the bottom and half way through the other side was undone, looked like it was never even glued in the first place. And then when I took the puzzle pieces to glue that together I realized the separator was broken off and cracked as well. The pieces didn't lock together very well either, and are pretty cheap themselves. Thought I'd get more out of a Disney product.
For the price, fine, but not very durable and wont hold up to little kids.  They look nice when new but go down hill fast.
The pictures on the box show children who have supposedly successfully drawn pictures on the color pad.  And those pictures are clear, vibrant, and stay long enough for a photographer to snap a picture.There is only one explanation...those children are Wizards!My own, perfectly normal, non-magical child couldn't draw a clear picture on this thing to save her life.  Immediately upon using either the included stylus, her fingers, or any other thing around the house that we tried to draw with, we noticed that most of the time it is impossible to even draw a clear line - and in most cases, the gel refills any lines immediately.  However, being an industrious child, she immediately grabbed some markers and decorated the boring white frame that surrounds the gel pad.I imagine that an infant might be fascinated by the texture, the lights, and the music.  And an infant can't draw anything anyway, so wouldn't be disappointed if their drawing suddenly disappeared or never appeared at all.However, if you have a child who likes to draw and likes to actually see their drawings stay in place for more than a split second, you will likely have a child who is very disappointed with this product.However, if your child is either an infant or a Wizard (or an infant Wizard!!!), you may enjoy this one.* Two Stars simply for use by infants (or Wizards).
A couple clarifications before I evaluate the game: I enjoy many game types, but I like cooperative because I can involve my kids (11, 9, 7 at time of this review). My kids LOVE Forbidden Island (FI). They can struggle, work together, and win. They bought me Forbidden Desert (FD) for my birthday because they thought they'd like playing it with me.They (and I) were disappointed. It is significantly more difficult, meaning that while they may often win in FI, they more often lose in FD. The game mechanic is the same: You lay tiles (randomly) to create a playing board. This creates a different board each game (like Settlers of Catan or Carcassone). This adds to the replay-ability. In FI, you'd have the chance a tile would become submerged, and if not acted upon, perhaps would disappear. This meant that often, you'd have a chance to go do something before that happened. That was really the only &#34;time&#34; aspect to that game.With FD, you have two or three timing elements, making it MUCH more difficult. The first is that instead of FI's 2 states of any given land tile (submerged or not-submerged; I guess &#34;gone&#34; could be a third state), FD has many - you add &#34;sand dune&#34; tiles on TOP of the land. Meaning that instead of only having to address a flipped/submerged tile once to clear it (in FI), with FD, you may have to spend many turns clearing a single tile from the many dunes on it.The second timing element is that you have a limited water ration and you can't really replenish it. Sure, there is an annoying card combo (/if/ someone has a water carrier role, and /if/ that person goes to the well when it is uncovered, and /if/ that person can get to another person), you can provide water to someone else. Otherwise, you will have party members dying from exposure within a few cycles through the deck.Finally, the third way you can lose is that if all the sand dune tiles are used up, the game ends. So even if you are diligent in removing dunes, if you aren't fast enough, you can lose that way!I have only played this a few times with my kids, but we have managed to lose each way without having won yet. For a grown-up group, I believe we could win, but I generally don't play co-operative games with other adults (more into competitive games, then), so this doesn't apply.Sorry, but this game doesn't do it for me. I'm actually sad because I wanted to like it but it gets NO love in my house. We'd rather play Village, Kingdom Builder, or even Forbidden Island instead.
Cheap!!! DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!  My boys (ages 3&5) got this earlier in the summer as a gift.  Thankfully, I did not waste any money on the piece of junk.  Very cheaply made.  The pieces don't give you enough space to really make a proper &#34;landing&#34; and &#34;takeoff&#34;.  The hangers are cheap and break easily.  This seriously is a piece of junk.  I need to do more reviews on the great toys.
Wel, actually the 1995 figure had 6 points of articulation...so he's more of a throwback to 1977 without the retro charm. Hasbro claims to be selling these to kids, but aside from my 2 year old, nobody else ever chooses the &#34;Block-O-Vader&#34; over my more articulated ones. Easy pass unless you have to own every single Star Wars figure ever made. Like me.&#34;DON'T BUY IT&#34; - to all the Aunts, Uncles and Grandparents. Get them the Vintage Collection or Black Series version instead.
The journal has cool activities, but without a halfway decent microscope/telescope, most of them are useless.  Trying to focus on something for more than a few seconds is almost impossible. Not to mention you need a lot of natural light to be able to see anything.  After a couple of trials, 8 yr old son was too aggravated to continue playing with it.
These Star Wars Black Series six inch figures look great in their packaging, but, once they're out, all their deficiencies become obvious:First of all, the sculpts aren't terrific, in fact, their 3.75" counterparts look about as detailed. The characters gain nothing detail-wise in this scale. Second, the price is terrible unless you find it on sale. Hasbro also makes Marvel Legends which retail for four dollars cheaper. Third, the posability initially looks promising but a little time spent with the figure reveals that the addition of double jointed knees does nothing towards dynamic poses and the lack of double joints in the elbows crushes any further possibility.Even Boba Fett cannot hold his blaster rifle properly in two hands.Lastly, there are elements in the body sculpt that impede this posability - ankles do not allow for the feet to turn up even slightly to make the figure crouch, armor elements on Fett and the Sandtrooper get in the way of them  doing - well, just about ANYTHING besides stand at attention. This doesn't make a lot of sense when you consider the recent Hasbro Marvel Legends which are capable of a great many dynamic poses and are often weighted properly so they can stand unaided. Hasbro has the team - why aren't they using them?Essentially, if you must have these figures then do yourself a favor and leave them in the packaging where they'll look great. If you mean to display them you're in for a great disappointment.
This is such a cute little puppy and for the whole month that it worked it was one of my child's favorites. We have had this puppy for almost a year and for the past 10-11 months it makes no movements. It only barks when you press the button on the back. The sensor quit working on it. This is EXTREMELY disappointing because I paid $50 for this item. I'm ashamed to say that I just paid $50 for another Furreal Friends animal for my daughter for this coming Christmas. Judging by my past purchase, I should have sworn off the company.
I found that this falls apart easily with little hands playing with it.  It doesn't stand up to kids fighting over it or even playing with it normal.  All of the little things that snap together don't do so very well.  I wouldn't buy this if I were you.
The idea of this game is simple really.  Blow a balloon, set it in the stand and taking turn you have to insert of stick and hope that the balloon won&#8217;t pop up.  In a way the game will challenge you to defy the law of science.  How can the balloon stay put with bursting?As much as I find this game original, I wonder what happens when there isn&#8217;t any more balloons to use in the box.  Can you use regular balloon?  And if not, where could you get a pack of extra balloons?Being a mom, I know how kids react differently to sudden noise.  Some kids will laugh while others might start crying.  A balloon popping can be unnerving for a young child.  I am unsure how this game will be welcomed in family who will get it.  Part of me like the challenge and somewhat like to be on the edge when playing a game.  But the other side of me, it not enjoying the idea of having a balloon popping suddenly.Other families might enjoy this kind of game but I have mixed feelings about it.  I suspect that you could use regular balloons when you have used all the ones included in the box.  I find this game to be good for fearless kids and families.
Thor has always been  a character I felt a deep connection to. My mother was an avid genealogist tracing our lineage back to Scotland where the Thor mythology began. Bringing this even closer to home, my dad only had one working eye and thus wore an eye patch. He lost his eye in a bonnet hair dryer fire at the beauty salon my mom worked at while they were dating. Although his Afro was too wet when he put it inside, the faulty circuitry was too blame for the fire. His settlement with the insurance company allowed him to start his own Rent-A-Center store next to my mom's beauty salon. After my younger brother was born our parents were married.I was grateful for the healthy and normal childhood my brother and I had together. Often times, we would go in the back yard to fight a giant sea monster like Thor and Loki did for a few minutes, then spend hours brushing one another's hair. I wanted to be pretty like Thor. It was a charmed life, but all things must come to an end. Brother had turned to a different life by his sixteenth birthday and ran off with an old mariner from Poland he met online for an "exciting life at sea."I haven't seen him since.Although, I would of preferred the Thor design from the better television movie with the Hulk, Daredevil and Thor in it, this version is sufficient for my needs as for why I purchased it. I do feel that the face is a little too shiny like the actor uses excessive product.
Huge disappointment - flimsy design. Cars didnt stay charged. Sent it back. Dont waste your money. Very disappointed little boy.
My doll-loving four-year-old daughter found her Baby Wanna Walk doll very disappointing. It simply wasn't fun to play with. As a doll, it was too stiff and heavy for her to work it into her general doll playing. And the walk feature just didn't work very well. It took adult assistance for a four-year-old to get it to walk and it usually fell down pretty quickly, even on our smooth wood floors. I read the other reviews describing the doll walking all the way across rooms on all kinds of surfaces; our experience has been different. Perhaps there was something wrong with our doll. Regardless, even if it did walk well, I don't think this would have been a favorite for my daughter; it is just too rigid and heavy for her to play dolls with. The doll still makes the occasional appearance as she plays.
First off, let me confess that my son likes the toy. There are several Good Things about it - one, the plastic feels stronger and more durable, two, he can stand up on carpet! three, he has no empty/hollow limbs from the back, like many of this line. And he definitely looks cool, especially as a car.*However* - he is still very flimsy when it comes down to it. This is the case with most Transformers Prime figures of this size, &#34;Deluxe.&#34; Smokescreen's arms and legs pop off with ease, and it's very hard to transform him without one popping off. His arms don't really lock in place at the shoulders as a robot. His arms kind of flop around a good bit. And finally, he's a royal bitch to transform. Not a puzzle that's easy once you learn or follow the instructions, just really really hard to line up the little plastic bits - it takes a good bit of dexterity to shove everything in tight at once and get him to snap together. Nevermind if you are an 8 year old kid!Not recommended for parents' sake, but the reality is he looks the part of a character who is a kids' favorite on the show, and kids seem to put up with a lot to play with a character they like!
My daughter loved it initially...she made several bracelets.  Then, 3 days after opening it, it cracked.  It is very cheaply made and cannot withstand the pressure from the pulling of the bands when making the bracelets.  We have since looked at other loom kits and found that the others are stabilized along the whole length of the loom.  This one was only in a few places, which makes it easier to break.  If you're looking for a cheap loom, this is it.  If you're looking for one to last, look at a higher quality loom.  In this instance, you really do get what you pay for.
Well my soon to be 7 year old and 5 year old boys like this toy simply for its Max Steel appeal but that's about it. Its good size action figure (like 10 inches tall).  The transforming concept is kind of silly and at least my boys really don't care and prefer to keep to him in Max mode.  It doesn't help that the little turn crank is tight and awkward for little hands.  Add in the little gun that shoots - both were lost by the end of the day (not a fan of toys with small parts, they don't last long in our house).
my son loved the toy but the head of the robot stopped popping up when transforming.....disappointed in the quality of this
This console costs way too much. I returned this because it wasn't worth the investment. You can't do anything without Live.
was cool until it just broke down an stoped working! tryed changing batteries but that wasent the problem. it just stoped randomly my daughter is so disapointed
After reading the reviews, I felt I had reasonable expectations: But these binoculars just didn't magnify enough to make them worthwhile...especially for a toddler. A really good idea....But these ended up being one of the very few items I have returned.
Arrived undamaged and on time.  It looks just like the photo but does not do the job as it should.  It is a cute stuffed (though oddly shaped) animal which my son loved to hug but does not hold his head well when he tries to sleep in the car(and he is not big).  My son asked me to remove it from the seat belt and he tossed in the trunk.  There it has been ever since and he really wanted this toy sooo bad.  It attaches on to the seat belt buy opening 3 fabric pieces behind dogs body and placing the animal on the seat belt then closing the 3 fabric pieces around belt which attaches to velcro.  It has 2 pockets in front which I thought was convient but do not know for sure since my 5 year old son quickly discarded this toy.  Over all, it is adorable and would make a great bed buddy but does not do the job as far as comfortably holding a childs head up in car when they fall asleep.  I would not buy it but you decide.
Purchased for  my 4 year old granddaughter only to see when it arrived that they were those dreaded tiny, little miniscule blocks. Funny considering the brand is Mega Blocks, but ever so annoying anyway. The description should outline that these are mini blocks-and I mean not even an inch big for some-these would have gotten lost within a day. Beside the fact they are frustrating to put together. Returned the next day-before I even gave it to my granddaughter as she has a princess version of these mini's and never plays with it. I now stick to Duplo Lego's.
Got this tractor and my grandsons loved it. However, after 2 days, one of the front wheels broke off. I didn't bother to replace it. They are young enough I can SuperGlue it. They won't care if the wheel moves or not. I just get tired of paying my hard-earned money for things that don't last.
This is one of those games where you have to act out silly things in front of everyone and do all sorts of awkward things to and in front of the other players. This is the type of game that I would have maybe played in high school or college before I was married in a large group of friends, where there is a lot of flirting going on and people are in the mood to be silly and have some laughs. But now that I am married and my husband and I play games with other married friends, it just is not really the type of game we are into.There are three different categories of challenges you have to do: Display Your Theatrical Genius, Wow With Your Trivial Talents, and Inspire With Your Creative Brilliance.The trivia and creative brilliance challenges are pretty fun. The theatrical genius challenges mostly involve doing embarrassing things/acting out things/singing/other awkward stuff. If you are not into that kind of thing you will probably not like this game.Here are some examples of the challenges:&#34;Look longingly into the eyes of any player and tell him/her how much you love them and why.&#34;&#34;Pretend you are a mad scientist and show/tell everyone your latest creation.&#34;&#34;Sing 'Happy Birthday' like a mobster.&#34;&#34;Pretend you are a drunken bird and fly around the room.&#34;&#34;You are the world's most celebrated avant-garde dancer. Do an interpretive dance to the music in your head.&#34;&#34;Pretend you're a cat trying to get your owner's attention. Choose any player to be 'your owner.'&#34;So, there you have it. If you like being in the spotlight and acting things out and being silly then you will probably enjoy this game. If you are more reserved or don't feel like proclaiming love to your game buddies or interpretive dancing in front of your pals, then you should probably skip this one.
Micro Chargers Hyper Dome.  The package shows *2* cars in "gravity defying battle action".  So how many cars are in the package?  That's right - ONE.  The package shown on the product page says two.  The listing in the product description says two.  The package I received says one (though you have to look to the small print for it).This dome thing is clearly made for two cars - two entry ports, two places to launch, and frankly, it's pretty lame for only one car to go round and round.  But the package only has one car and launcher.  So, if you already have other MicroChargers, then this might be fun.However, the other thing is the bottom "pit".  The dome has this round piece, about two inches in diameter, at the very bottom.  Supposedly, you take this piece out, and then a car can get trapped in the pit - and that (I guess) defines the car that loses the battle.  With only one car, that's not at all interesting.  The piece is an option, so we put it back in - but the trouble is that it doesn't really fit.  It is supposed to snap into place, but it stays loose.  The car gets launched into the dome, runs right there, knocks the piece out of place, and then gets stuck.  Not all the time, but often enough to be annoying.My advice is: don't buy this as an initial Micro Chargers toy.  If you already have some MC, then it's okay, but still not great.
This set was not as much fun as anticipated. Getting the dough in the molds is easy, getting them out is another story. If you want them to dry, you have to wait days.. if you try to take them out before they are dry, they do not come out in the shapes.. they pull apart. There is no easy way to get them out. You'd be better off to just make shapes and pieces with your hands and skip the molds all together.The playing surface is jut cardboard. The dino toy is rather small. The shapes that the molds make are very small, which lends to them being so difficult to remove.I think you could have just as much fun, if not more fun, with any other clay/dough and some action figures or toy dinosaurs etc. This set is too much of a hassle and just not worth it in my opinion.The dough itself is fairly unique though. It is very gritty and the texture is very appealing to kids to squish around in their hands. It is more fun just to &#34;mess around with&#34; and experience the feeling of it, than to play with it as intended with the whole set.
I hate to give tho two stars. It arrived in good time. Perfect condition. But the whole that it records from is a pin hole. LITERALLY. The only way to get it to pick up your voice is putting your mouth over the whole. When you do that tho it plays feedback unless you're talking. My son cant even figured it out. Hes happy with just singing along with it but damn it its a microphone! He should be able to sing into it. Amiright?
It's hard to rate a toy like this... my son likes it simply because of the "Cars" name, but it's flimsy and works poorly. The cars barely get up the ramp, the track flips accidentally, and you have to keep hammering on the pump to ensure the car gets back through a second time... it's obviously poorly designed. heck, the car that came with it gets stuck in the spinner's exit half of the time. Avoid at all costs.
My list of bad is rather long, so I'll be kind and limit it to four.One - the instructions are horrific.  There is zero indication of where all the accessories are attached with the exception of the black bar connecting both halves.  Where do you put the hydrant, or the siren?  What attaches up to the fire truck? And you can't fit the X-ray scan and the patient in the same room, Doctor!Two - how can a child be on both sides of the toy at once?  For instance, with the jail....you twist the action figure on top and the door BEHIND, out of sight, opens.  Who designed this? And just try getting the fire truck with accessories (I chose the water shots) through the overhead fire station door.  It's tricky!Three - the fireman action figure cannot be seated in the fire truck when his uniform is on.  Interestingly, the policeman can be seated in the truck but I really had to smash him in.Four - the sayings you see listed are the only sayings you will hear...outside of a welcome to Imaginext City (advertise much?).Hints to Fisher-Price:Develop a way to lock the front to the back for storage.Put a carrying handle on it.Make it so all the pieces can be stored and not fall out when moving the toy.Better instructions for set up.
Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Track set. The directions were poor for putting it together, it is done all by black and white pictures. Not very clear on some parts and very frustrating. When the track flips it does not always snap together as it should, the brown track will flip but the blue one rarely does. The box said 4+ years but this toy is very frustrating for our 5 year old grandson and us too! I would not recommend this toy.
we did not like these at all. our niece was not able to use these and make them like we thought she would be able to. this is an item we would not have ever purchased had we known she would not have been able to make the braclets like we thought she would
I am amending my review again b/c as much as these swords are fun and really do suit our purpose, the quality is just awful. As I originally stated my son loves to pretend to be a pirate or a knight or a musketeer, etc.  These swords are the right solution for a play sword.  I was looking for something soft that wouldn't actually cause any real physical harm when playing.  We have tried inflatable swords and they just always get holes and deflate.  We have used other miscellaneous items around the house: fake play knives and spoons, cardboard tubes, plastic and wooden mixing spoons, etc.  They all worked ok for the moment, but the hard objects can hurt and the cardboard tubes just fall apart of course.  These swords are good in the fact that they are soft and they are fun b/c they really look like swords.  He loves them for that.  And there's enough that the whole family can join in playing.  I'm not worried about them doing any real damage either!  That's where the positive stops though. After just one hour of play all of the handles broke :(  They were exactly what I was looking for and they were inexpensive, so you can't expect them to last long anyway.  But, to only last that long is just ridiculous.  They could have increased the durability and quality by just extending the small plastic tube inside the sword down through the rest of the handle.  It stops just short of the handle and that's why they break.  There is nothing reinforcing the handle.  It's just foam.  So, of course, they will break easily.  Especially the way boys play!  After purchasing these I actually found a bunch at a local store of mine for only 25 cents each!  And they have lasted us over a week already!  Granted it was just by luck that I found those other swords, but they beat these ones in quality and durability by far. I would not recommend these swords on here to anyone.  They are the least expensive option on Amazon, but they are not even worth it.  The fact that they break so easily makes them useless.  Don't buy these, look elsewhere!
This is basically scratchy Play-Doh - 1 tub each of blue, gray, and red.  There are also molds to make bricks for a fort, catapult balls, and soldiers, some plastic catapults to shoot the balls at the other side's bricks and soldiers, and a battlefield mat.It's a cool idea, but the execution is underwhelming.  The box makes it look like you can build giant structures, but there's only enough dough for several small bricks and a few accessories.  After struggling to make the various pieces, then trying to get them out of the molds, you basically end up with the world's tiniest, most tedious snowball fight.  Not recommended.
Bought this as a stocking stuffer for my kids for Christmas to use with the iPAD. I thought it would be something different and unique. It isn't all that great. I am not a fan either of sliding it across my screen even though I have a clear protector sheet on the screen. Just seems like a good way for something to happen to the screen with kids using this. We only used it a few times and now it's sitting collecting dust as it was only enough entertainment the first few times.
I saw this toy in a local store and thought it looked neat. Liked how it was compact and didn't take up much space but very disappointed once our 3yr old played with it.  It's a very complex toy that is made of cheap plastic. The tracks don't always fold into place and everything has to go just perfect for it to work properly. Very disappointed and glad Amazon will take it back with full refund even out of the package. Would not recommend.
This captain america is by far the worst recarnation, ever. His face looks cartoony and his jacket restricted the arm articulation so there is a huge limitation of arm movement. And the gun...omg...the gun...where is the fun?
For starters I would like to mention this is not my fist experience with K'nex products. In the past I have ordered a couple Mario Kart sets for my kid, as well as some KISS and The Beatles Yellow Submarine figurine sets. My experience with the brand had been great so as a fan of Family guy, I did not hesitate to order this. I would love to tell you the experience was great but I am afraid I can't, this set was so frustrating that my kid simply did not care about finishing it, nor did I.The first problem I encountered was the instructions, we have plenty of LEGO sets (which my kid loves) and we have never struggled with the instructions like we did with this one. The manual tries to differentiate the pieces you need to add from the ones you already added by using red and gray colors; the problem is, there are gray pieces, so there was a point in which we skipped two pieces because of this. As you can see, the top of the car is a red cardboard, as odd as that was for me, I expected some kind of hard material that could make this more durable and was disappointed when I found the cover to be a very flimsy piece of cardboard.If this was not enough, the design has very notorious structural flaws, when we were putting it together I kept wondering how this would stand together once completed, the answer? It simply doesn't. When the time came to add the cover to the top of the car, it broke into pieces. At that point, my kid had lost any interest and left me there with a broken set. Stubborn as I am, I kept trying to figure out a way to put it together, I was finally able to, only for it to break again.So, save your money and get a LEGO set instead; true, they do not have the Family Guy license, but even as a collector this set is not worth it. For some reason, K'nex included a Peter Griffin figure wearing a gray suit instead of his characteristic green pants and white shirt&#8230; wait, K'nex does have that figure, in a sold-separately set&#8230; I see what they did there...
Kids can't shoot it, I can barely get it to work. Launched softly maybe about 6 ft before the dart falls.Should have just got another gun.
I would give this toy one star, except my son does play with it...occasionally. It's just so loud! It's so loud it deters my 6 year old from playing with it as much as he wants to, he HATES the noise!
This product arrived just before my kids (ages three and five, both girls) were to set off for a week at their grandparents, so they took it along with them. Let's just say Grandma and Grandpa weren't sorry to see Grover go home, although they said the kids didn't play with him much after the first few days anyway. When I took a look at him to write this review, my older daughter asked me, "Mommy, can you please shut that thing off?"Even with several moving parts, Grover does appear to be quite sturdy. His head swivels side to side, his arms flap around, his visor raises and lowers over his eys and his cape flaps in the breeze. He does not, of course, actually fly, at least not without human help.But he does talk. A lot. I played around with him for about 15 minutes and didn't get a repeated phrase, so he has quite a repertoire. My parents said they didn't hear any repeats either, except for the obligatory "Hello Everybodeeeee!" when he's first activated. His voice sounds just like you'd expect Grover's voice to sound (which is to say, every bit as annoying). Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately, depending on your perspective), the demonstration batteries that come with the toy don't last too long.I will readily admit that my kids are not really the target audience for this toy. I think even my three-year-old is too old for it, and it probably appeals to boys more than girls. This could probably be a decent gift for an active toddler through early preschool boy. Someone else's little boy, that is. It's a toss up whether this toy is more or less annoying than Tickle Me Elmo, but the target audience is pretty much the same.Update: I just noticed that it says "Warning, small parts, not for children under 3". I don't know how much that's just an obligatory warning on anything not specifically designed for babies, but I didn't see anything obvious that could break off and be hazardous to children. If anything, the hard plastic is more of a threat for bumps and bruises, especially if Grover gets swung or thrown around and hits someone. As already noted, I don't think this product will appeal to kids over three, so if you are concerned about this warning for your toddler/two year old, then I don't recommend buying it at all. Personally, while there are plenty of reasons why I wouldn't be likely to buy this product, safety is not one of them.
the colored spots are so small that my 4y.o. has trouble &#34;moving&#34; his piece from place to place. Was also pretty disappointed in the picture itself - too busy. I miss the classic one. If I could have found an original, I would gladly have bought that one instead
Positives:  This dragon Flashlight Friend is adorable.  It somewhat resembles a friendly turtle.  My 6-year-old son loved it and used it as a flashlight at night to read books at bedtime.  There is a handle on the back for the child to hold.Negatives:  It seems to go through batteries quickly.  We've replaced the batteries multiple times, and now it simply won't turn on anymore.This toy lasted less than 2 months, from Christmas until mid-February.  It was not used daily, maybe 3 days/week during that time.  And, of course, the return window closed on January 31.  There must be something faulty in the construction for it to give out in such a short period of time.  I do not recommend this product unless you are looking for a short-term kids flashlight or don't mind using it just as a stuffed animal after it stops working.
This is a visually attractive toy castle, but it takes some work to get there.  There are a lot of steps (and poor instructions) involved in the assembly, which could prove frustrating to a child receiving the item as a gift. For parents considering this as a Christmas present, I'd suggest possibly opening it beforehand and assembling it for presentation.As for playability, it's about average when compared to similar products.  The colors are nice and it will have some appeal because it's Sofia, but the options are limited.  There are only two levels, and very few moving parts so any "wow" factor dries up quickly.  As for durability, it's a typical plastic castle that will show its wear if used regularly.What makes this worthy of two stars instead of three, though, is the price.  As with many products from Disney, you're paying for the brand name.  This wouldn't be a bad product at $30, but at twice the price you're severely overpaying.
There are a lot of tiny pieces. If this is for a young child, you might want to put those pieces away. That's the first thing that jumped out at me. The first thing that jumped at for the 4 year old girl who is playing with it is that it's visually pretty, there is a princess and a castle, and it makes noise. All that equals love. Can't argue with that. I just wish that this were better made. It's really badly done and won't last long. Not a good buy.
Lot's of stuff missing and the bands are really thin and break all the time. Not really worth the price
I thought this gift would be a huge hit with my 2 year old but it fell flat- literally. The majority of the pieces do not have bases and will not stand upright. Only Pete and clarabell (which have bases) and the two dogs stay upright easily. Even Goofy, who is sitting falls onto his back. Characters that were originally 2 pieces have very visible lines where they stick together. Much of the painting is sloppy and uneven and Minnie's face is melting into her shoulder. My daughter barely plays with them and if I had to do it again I would have saved my money.
We have the Equestria girl cheerleader set and love it, but it didn't come with Pinkie Pie or Twilight Sparkle. So after lots of saving my daughter got both. Pinkie Pie and the cheerleaders have been great. Twilight's leg came off after one day and no one I mean NO ONE can get it back on. The ball and joint don't even look like they were ever supposed to go together. Will be calling manu so they can tell my daughter sorry!
Well my daughter was so super happy to receive this toy, more so than most of her others. But every single one of their heads have popped off. Now they can go back on, but the unavoidable has happen, the heads have been lost, now we have a kind of macabre first family... Not quite so fun any more, especially for the money...
This wasn't hard to assemble.  In theory it should work well.  Problem is I have carpeting and I see I'm not alone in having issues with the lower track working correctly.It's very frustrating for my sons who are under age 5.  I think there are better track options out there.
It's very cute, but the leg came off when my daughter tried to take her shoes off and it won't go back on.  Unfortunately the other reviews about this problem weren't posted when I originally ordered it.  I don't see much sense in trying to get a new one if the leg coming off is a common problem.  My daughter is still playing with her so we're just going to glue the leg back on.
I bought this for my 6 year old and I feel I must warn anyone considering buying one.  It is a very loud toy and there is no sound control adjustment.  Also, we wanted to take this with us to the movie and there is no on/off switch.  When she took it to bed it kept talking and talking.  I thought she was playing with it but she wasn't.  If she turned over it would sound off.  I had to take it out of her bed.  This toy is very sensitive to touch.  She took it with her in the car and it sounded off on every little bump. We eventually had to take the batteries out just so she could hold and play with it.
Lambie is our favorite on Doc McStuffins....this little lamb is cute, but the price is too high for a very small Lambie. I wouldn't buy it again!
Feels flimsy all the way! The stais will not stay put, they fall all the time. Also I was expecting each family member (we also purchased the Royal Family Giftset and the Royal bed) to say a phrase in their voice and we never heard the father or the brother talking. The queen says a phrase every once in a blue moon, and no matter which character you place on the talking spot phrases are random. Sometimes you hear Clover, most of the time Sofia and once or twice the sister and the mother. Be ready to reassemble it many times, windows, doors and the pointy castle peaks fall apart all the time.
The toy looked like so much fun in the pictures but I was disappointed when I opened the box.  Unlike other play tents that I've had in the past this one is very flimsy and doesn't stand by itself without some assembly in the form of extremely flimsy velcro.  My 3 year loves it but within 10 minutes of playing with it he was frustrated because it kept collapsing on him.Such a great concept with awesome potential that is ruined by crappy engineering and low quality materials.  I wish I could return it but it was a gift.
My husband said to give this one star but I gave it two because it is sturdy and functions the way they intended it to, I believe.Pros:-SturdyCons:-Very low volume. I know this is supposed to save the kids ears but it is very, very low so you can barely hear it at all.-Only one real button.  Those pictures of Sesame Street characters are not really buttons, just the blue circle can be depressed.-Fat - meaning, it is hard for a little hand to hold.  Two little hands are needed to hold the phone up to one's ear, which they need to do, because the sound is so low.Overall I would get the Leapfrog phone or mp3 player, or the Vtech phone instead of this one.  We really were not impressed.
The nice part about this tent is that it folds out and assembles with ease, but that's where the positive statements end.  The material is the cheapest and thinnest canvas you could imagine.  You wouldn't buy a 99 cent reusable grocery bag made out of this stuff.  My 3 & 5 year old played with it for the first hour, and already punched an 8 inch hole in the front of the material.  Also, it frequently falls over and folds flat.  Putting it back up, and putting the velcro back together, gets annoying really quickly.  Now, the kids do seem to enjoy it - they love the hoop, and they like that it's a boat shape.  I'm so glad this was a gift, though, because I would have regretted buying it from the moment I opened the box.
Original review below.  I wanted to post to all those disappointed with the first castle release that there are replacement parts for the castle now.  Mattel will send you a Sofia (whose head stays in tack), a staircase (that doesn't fall off easy), a talking box (Roland and Miranda play royal entrance music, Amber talks, Clover still touchy, others say Sofia voiced phrases but that have to do more with their character), and some small parts that may get lost that come with castle. They will also send you a Sofia and Amber doll from Royal family collection.  Overall, I'm happier with the product now.  And my daughter is thrilled that not everyone speaks in Sofia's voice and that the heads stay on.  To new purchasers - I'm not sure what version Amazon is selling. Best to check the stores and get the newest release (the new one has a plastic 2nd floor).orig post.This is a product that I really wish would have been on the AMAZON VINE program and had some reviews before the "preorder" was available. My daughter (3 years old) has been so excited for this toy to arrive at our home since I showed it to her when I first preordered it (her birthday was in May and it was to be a birthday gift, why I showed it to her).  She plays daily with her Fisher Price Loving Family Dollhouse (everyday since Christmas), and I knew a Sofia castle would be amazing to her and a toy that would get alot of use.My honest advice.  If your child does not know about this toy and you are merely trying to use this as a gift, don't bother.  Your life will be much happier without this toy.  Buy a Loving Family Dollhouse..I give that toy 5 stars.  If your child knows about this toy and is asking for it, purchase at your own risk, you have been warned.Pros: - I think it's decently sturdy and easy to put together (minus the paper flooring on the second floor)- It's cuteCons: (pretty much what everyone else has hit on)- Sofia's head popped off 3 times today ("Mommy, uh oh....her head came off...waaahhhhhhh")- Clover doesn't actually fit in securely in the little "hide go seek" window seat...he falls in to the hole ("mommy....waaahhh")- Out of about 20 tries, Clover's voice worked exactly once.- I fear for the destruction of the paper floor on the second floor.I would totally return it if she didn't desire to play with it, but she played through the frustration all day.  I also fear for the arrival of the Royal Family to our home in a few days.  I understand that the characters don't speak correctly either, that King Roland and Prince James don't stand at all, and that they heads pop off the characters as well.Mattel - Please test your products before producing. Seriously.  I knew this toy was in production since before Christmas, you have had plenty of time to show it to a small panel of kids and watch them play with it.  This is the third toy we have purchased/received in a month with horrible construction from Mattel (specifically this toy, the barbie dream pool, and the Disney Princess MagicClip Aurora Carriage).Disney - Make your own toys.  You are getting a horrible name by relating yourselves to these products.
this is very deceiving this is not the whole track this is just a little piece of a track then if you look through you find other tracks and they're not even part of this track but it does not say that so I ended up purchasing several of these different things which none of them went together so I only was able to use one a real waste of money
I was one of the unlucky many who got the printing of this with the defective board (no yellow line from Lagos to Sao Paulo). I purchased this days after it was released and immediately emailed z-man games with the required info to get a replacement board. It is now almost three months later and they have still yet to send me a replacement board. Ive been told my board shipped 4 weeks ago but canada customs can take 6 weeks. This was after being ignored after months of multiple emails requesting status updates. I will never purchase another z-man product ever. They are a terrible company in terms of standing behind their products. Funny enough they were happy to ship new versions with fixed boards to make more money...but  spit on customers who already purchased making them wait months - some longer and still not replaced while they continued to sell the  fixed  boards in the last months or so - rather than fulfilling the defective ones first. They may have great licenses, but those are marred by terrible customer support. It was such a problem, Amazon stopped offering the game a couple months after it was released and still hasn't restocked it. Never again will a z-man game enter my (250 game) collection. Of which I own 18 z-man editions. Sad for them.
Way too much money. Chilly is so small and not worth the money. I wouldn't buy them again. Save your money!
It is so frustrating to get a toy and not be able to put it together the first time. So my kids were never able to enjoy this toy. But this toy doesn't seem that fun anyway. It takes too much work for a kid to operate to get Lightning McQueen to zoom around the track. I do not recommend this toy.
This doll (and all of them except Fluttershy) are hideous! They're knees don't move nor. They're elbows and they're shirts are painted on with they're ugly shirts. They're legs pop off all the time and they have no quality what's so ever they have ugly and creepy faces so bottom line to kids and parents, don't waste you're time and money on these hideous doll made by the cheapskates behind Hasbro that just made little ugly plastic dolls. DOOT EVER GET THIS!!! ;(
Update:  Changed to 1 star - doll has not been played with since a day or two after we got it.  Daughter was the one who chose this toy over several other options (not MLP) as a reward for a several month activity that she completed with awards.  It has been tossed into the Barbie box (she only has 5 Barbies) and she does not ever pick it out of the box and she LOVES MLP, including the Equestria girls movie.  We will not buy any others of the Equestria girls dolls.Original Review with 2 stars: Not easy to handle for a young child.  Not at all accurate to the movie - clothes and accessories are not similar -  many girls do love their fashion and pay attention to the details.  Boots are hard to get on and off, hence a higher probability that the legs will get torn off, although the one we purchased still has her legs since my daughter asks me to take them off and put them on since she cannot.  Of note, the boots have R and L on the bottom of the boots - hard to read, though.  These L and R indicate the correct foot to put it on, and it does seem to matter which foot.  Also, the boots do not cover a foot (or hoof?) since they just snap onto a little knob at the end of the leg.  There are 2 tiny earrings (best we can figure) and a tiny bracelet - good luck keeping track of them!My daughter (who is 7) is standing next to me and telling me to let everyone know that the wings - "do not stay on!" this is a big frustration!Overall, I do not recommend since this toy could have easily been made more kid friendly and certainly more accurate to the movie.  Of course, if it is what your child desires, at least you'll be aware of the shortcomings.
Hated this. Bought it for play time in the bath. Stuff is hard to get out for anyone younger than 6 or so...and who else would play with it! It comes out in little lines and is just pretty much worthless in my opinion. It's more like a bathtub pencil that you have to be strong to get out.
Not one single character works in the castle. And the amber doll will not sit like sofia and James. King Roland can not stand on his own.
I thought that there is no way these rubber bands would smell that bad... I was wrong.Like other reviewers, I have to agree, these smell horrible.It doesn't just smell bad; it really does smell like someone poured gasoline over them.I have smelt some really bad rubber bands before, but these were the worst.I cannot trust it to even touch my kids.
This castle comes in a box that advertises an adorable play castle that I imagined my daughter enjoying.  The reality check began when I opened the box to find a plethora of little pieces that I was expected to put together myself with some vague instructions.  In the end,  I found that this was one of those kinds of toys that as my daughter plays with it, a piece pops off every twenty minutes or so.  It started with Clover's window seat.  That was easy enough to put back in to place.  Then the stair railing came off.  Next, it was the window screen and pieces of the roof.  This toy was cute at first, when it was all put together, but It was easy to see that it was too fragile to actually play with.  Save your money for something else!  This toy is not his but a frustration.
Before I go any further, I would encourage those looking to purchase this to search Amazon for "Disney Sofia The First Magical Talking Castle" to see the reviews there. It looks like Mattel has decided to rebrand this item by adding "new" to the title in an effort to dodge some criticism. From what I can having gotten this "new" version, nothing's changed. It's the same poorly-designed toy as from the past. In fact, I'm hard-pressed to determine what's "new." That said, on with the review.From the moment you open the box and a plethora of pieces fall out on the floor, you can tell you're in trouble. The included instructions (which share a great deal in common with Ikea instructions, right down to the poor illustrations and lack of written interactions) are next to useless. Once you get the castle assembled, you can see what the instructions were trying to tell you, but that's only with 20/20 hindsight. When you have the pieces strewn before you, it may be better to just look at the picture on the box and eyeball it.The previous complaints about Sophia's head falling off still apply here. This would probably make a great horror set, when the damsel in distress literally loses her head, but as a fairy tale castle, it's definitely frustrating for both child and parent to have to put Sophia's head back on every 5 minutes. Sophia also doesn't like to stand up either, having a narrow, wobbly base that more or less demands that Sophia spend her life in either a seated position or a face-plant.The "'magic' base" feature is terrible. While removing the base and carrying into a well-lit room results in limited functionality, you really should plan on completely skipping that "feature." It's just not designed well insofar as it needs lots of light to work but rests in a castle that shades it most of the time.The castle itself isn't half bad, though you should expect to immediately lose the small plate and goblet set much like you expect to lost anything the size of a hearing aid battery. At first I thought I'd say they might actually be a choking hazard, but after some thought I realized that even a 6 month-old would have no trouble swallowing these, so no worries there (sarcasm). But aside from that, it's kind of a fun play set for imagination... if you throw away Sophia and the sound platform... and can get it assembled.All in all, I would really discourage anyone from buying this. If you're dead set on it, however, you really owe it to yourself to search for the "not new" version to see the reviews there. They capture the spirit of this "new" play set quite well.EDIT: In the comments section, "CKE" reports that the new version of the castle has a plastic second floor rather than cardboard (ours was, indeed, plastic) and that Sophia has been re-engineered so that her head does not fall off.  We did not get the new-and-improved Sophia, but CKE mentioned that the newer sets have the new Sophia included, in addition to the old, so perhaps ours was just a bum package. While I believe my rating of 2 stars is still warranted, I think CKE's information is important to include here.
1st~ These are very soft plush animals.2nd~ The lights are incredibly bright.HOWEVER, we bought four of these for our children this Christmas. One of the unicorns stopped working on day 2. The puppy stopped working on day 4. These were used very lightly, not dropped or mishandled. These are built for children and should be more durable than this.Flashlight friends is all my daughter talked about for a month before Christmas. To have it stop working within 48 hours is ridiculous!The durability is horrible.SAVE YOUR MONEY!
The game is decent. I don't know all the characters since AFN Europe doesn't show all those shows. The game would better if the plastic wasn't so flimsy.
I bought this figure for my teenage daughter "Carrie". Not taking the time to actually determine which Carrie figure I was getting. We did not realize the mistake till she opened the gift wrapped figure that arrived in the mail.There were a lot of tears that day from what I was told.Her mom says I should make more time for the kids, but it just is not a priority for me.
Everything about the box is flimsy and so heavily glued shut that it didn't survive us getting the puzzle inside out. Had to transfer the puzzle to a tupperware container and toss the box. Too bad as it is a nice picture. Also, we got 2 of the same puzzle instead of 1 of each!!! Really bad service that.
I bought this about 8 months ago on clearance for about $11 at a local retail chain.  At first, my then 20 month old son loved feeding Elmo and getting Cookie Monster to say his phrases.  It is super flimsy as other reviewers have said.  The oven door falls off constantly as does one of the legs.  The feeding part jams easily if you aren't careful.  My son rarely plays with it now and it will be finding a new home soon.  There are better ones out there that I've seen.
as I had hoped for.  I thought this would give my son hours of fun but it was another short lived toy and basically a waste of $$.
I thought that I would buy this again for my daughter since she had a ton of rubber bands, when this was sent I only got 1 case this time why?!?! not buying from again
I admit that I am spoiled on Lego products.  I've built more than my share of Lego items along the way, and have bought plenty of them for my son, later my nephew, and now also wife 2.0's grandson.  I know that if I pick up a Lego set that I'm getting a top quality toy that is a lot of fun and which will fit together tightly into a durable model once something has been built.  In the case of Lego's Creator series and their Technic series you can get some highly creative models that offer up various mechanical features that take the models to the next level.In the case of the Star Trek universe, at least the rebooted Star Trek (2009 and beyond) universe, the winner of the right to produce Star Trek toys is apparently Hasbro, which means that rather than getting Lego sets we have Kre-O sets.  Similar, yet not the same.In the case of the Kre-O minifigs, I might give a slight edge to Kre-O since the Kre-O minifigs seem to offer a little more flexibility, but beyond that, I'd say Lego has Kre-O beat.Ooops, one other area where Kre-O can claim a big edge - their light up technology.  That is a cool feature and it does make these models look a little neater but in the end the models that these Kre-O Star Trek sets create feel less durable and just a little "cheaper" by comparison.  For example, there are 4 legs that are sit under the Shuttle craft in this particular set that just don't fit into the base of the Shuttle craft as tightly and securely as the same types of bricks/blocks that are genuine Lego would.I wanted to like these models much more, and in the end, my heart just isn't in these as much as I would like.  I appreciate the Enterprise model offers a playable saucer control deck, and that the Shuttle craft here opens up so you can slide Mr. Sulu into control of the Shuttle craft, but I'd have to say if that Lego had the license for the Trek related buildable toys, I think I'd be happier.If you can obtain these sets at a reasonable cost, then by all means enjoy.  They aren't horrible, they just don't quite meet the level that a Lego builder would expect.
One way or another the toy is just okay.  It's durable enough and can stand up to a beating.  And it's a pretty neat idea too.  I think the transforming idea is cool.  And should make kids interested.  But overall, it's just not much of a toy.I gave it to my friends kids who are 6 and 8.  They played with it for a while, and that was it.  It didn't even hold their attention for a whole day.  And I found out that they haven't really played with it since then either.  Add that in with the price and I don't think it's really that great a buy.  Not recommended.
I purchased this loom when the deal was posted before Christmas. The shipping took from Dec. 19th until the 1st week of January. In the meantime I went out and bought an actual Rainbow Loom. There is no comparison in the quality. The rubber bands are thin, stuck together, and pop easily. Oh, and the Chromo loom has snapped into 2 pieces as well. Don't waste your money on this.
This toy absolutely cannot possibly work.  The design is completely flawed.  The straight piece of track that is supposed to flip cannot because there is no clearance in the design for it to work.  With that piece not functioning, the entire toy is useless.  Santa's elves all deserve to be fired for this one.  I'm certain there were many children disappointed on Christmas morning based on the promise of excitement from the marketing and pictures on the box.  No one could pay me enough money to give this to my child or anyone else's as a gift.  Just terrible!
I got the Imaginex DC Super Friends Superman Playset for my nearly 4 year old grandson because I needed more toys for when he's over at my house.He seemed excited when he opened the package, then sat down to play with it.The set is a cheap plastic toy, but it seems everything is so cheaply made these days. It comes with 2 action figures: Superman and a villain, plus a few other pieces that look like swords, a cape, a hand/ankle cuff device and a missile launcher.He played with it for a while but had more fun with it when he brought other toys into the mix and used the action figures in other vehicles, and drove his Hot Wheels cars over and around the playset. It did keep him entertained for a while and there are no sharp edges to cause injury.By itself it's kind of boring after a few minutes, but with other toys added, it worked out well.
Crayola Create 2 Destroy Fortress looks really cool on the box; unfortunately, reality doesn't live up to the picture portrayed.  The molds are extremely cheap and the "dough" is rough and scratches easily.  It's interesting that the box notes that it can mar counter tops, floors, etc. but no where in the description online do I read this warning.  It is strictly for outdoor play.  The mold to make the catapult bombs didn't work well and we had to pull the stuff out and mold the item by hand.  The catapult did work but you had to use both hands unlike the one finger shown in the picture on the box sleeve.  The "play mat" for this set is actually the cardboard sleeve unfolded - we thought we were missing the playmat until we realized just how cheap the company had constructed both the box and the play mat.  For the price, I would have expected more of this set.In the end, I would not buy this or any other morphix product in the future.
Returned all dolls and clothes. Too pricey for what you get.  Not made well.Dolls were creepy and not the example we wanted for our kids/grandkids.Opted for a better made doll and books to go with.  We bought these sight unseen, my fault.
So let's see, what do we have here?-Putty that scratches and stains any surface it touches.-A tiny mat so you can use the putty.-Molds for the putty.-A Happy Meal quality toy dinosaur, worth maybe $1.This product seems designed to annoy and disappoint parents and children equally. A disposable, destructive, annoying box full of soon-to-be-trash.Save your money.
First, the box is sealed with industrial strength glue, necessitating a razor be used just to get it open. Wordless instructions are not easy to follow and so light that they are difficult to read. Several of the pieces did not fit together properly which made both assembly and play very frustrating - no child could put this together. While the self-powered accelerator is a big improvement over previous Drifters sets with batteries, it jams every other time. All in all, this is headed to the trash heap asap.
SO DISAPPOINTING!  My little 4 year old opened it for his birthday today and the dinosaur is broken...makes a grinding noise and tries to walk backward from the minute it came out of the box.  He watched the little video and was very, very excited about receiving this toy...it would have been awesome if it worked.  It cannot be returned because the window expired.  Appalling that someone would sell a broken children's toy on Amazon. Obviously I would have given it zero stars if it was possible.
The basic idea of this toy is fine, but the execution is utterly bland and charmless. It's almost as if the manufacturers went out of their way to exclude any interesting details on the rocket and make the little figures as generic and nondescript as possible; I imagine toys like this being issued by governments behind the iron curtain during the 1970's. It's like a plate of plain boiled broccoli in toy form.
We have a group of friends who love board games and we are lucky enough to play games about once a week if not more often.  The games we enjoy are varied and recently with some of the games I've received to review we've had to play some that are brand specific as is the case with this one.  We'd would have loved it if somehow the game had combined actually eating Klondike bars with the game but instead you can win cards with various varieties of the ice cream bars on them.  I've done a fair amount of writing about the Klondike bars on The Chocolate Cult and I did not know all of these varieties though I wish they existed.The game itself is very silly and reminds me of the MAD Magazine game I played many years ago.  When I was younger, much younger in junior high and high school it was fun but as an adult I find it less than satisfying.  In fact it is so silly that it was a struggle to find enough people to test play it and none wanted to play it a second time.  Disappointing.
Ok yes my son loves Angry birds.  He flipped (good) when he saw the box, then I flipped (bad) when I saw all 170 pieces.  If you have patient children and they love angry birds, then this is for your kids.  But both me and my son do not the have patience to play with this.  We have the smaller angry bird sets that you have to set up and knock down, ok for about 15 minutes of "fun" but this super-sized set is over the top, makes you appreciate the game as an app and should stay as an app.
Inexcusable.For the price of this item, I shouldn't have to worry about whether or not the box arrives damaged, or even whether I'm getting the whole toy when I open that box up!  Despite all the problems I've heard, I thought I'd tempt fate and order this piece anyway.  When I got it, I was pleasantly surprised the box showed no signs of damage at all!  But I still had to check the insides.Once opened up, I noticed that there was a loose piece rattling around the box, I didn't think anything of it of course, I simply set it aside (it was one of the &#34;seats&#34; with the clip to hold a figure for the cockpit) and began to unload the rest of the pieces, making sure all was included.  Bombs were there, Han Solo in Carbonite was there, wings were correct, etc.It seemed like I'd dodged a bullet, which I was more than happy about, as the size of this thing really had impressed me.  And putting it together, it really showed off how nice a vehicle this can be.  But alas, after checking an online review to compare the wing function (it'll lock into place if you grip the wings closest to the body of the ship and twist till you hear a &#34;click&#34;), I came to realize that the cockpit was meant to have 3 &#34;seat&#34; headrests, and mine, only had one.  The one that had been loose in the box, well, the second piece was nowhere to be seen.And that dropped the score on this thing for me, right there.  It's amazing looking, but man, nobody should spend $70 on this and leave whether or not they're getting a complete item to a crap shoot.  This is something that should have been fixed, absolutely fixed sometime between the many &#34;under reviews&#34; this item has had by Amazon.  At the VERY least, offer up the replacement parts!  If you can get a complete vehicle here, then you're in for a treat, otherwise?  Don't bother.  The money and the hassle of getting a mistake, then having to ship it back to risk getting a worse mistake, it isn't worth it.
Typhoon is one of the better designs for the Pacific Rim Figures, and is definitely better articulated than Gipsy Danger. The sculpt is spectacular and paint applications could be considered industry standard. The joints overall are weak, though. The forward most right arm snapped off after opening it. Weaksauce. Wait for it to hit the bargain bin at Toys R Us.
My twin toddlers really enjoy looking through the binoculars. It's doesn't zoom in too much so it's easier for their eyes to adjust. It's easy for them to line it up to their eyes and look through.My only problem w/ the toy is that the string is too thin. As a result, when the toddlers hang the toy on their neck, it cuts into their skin since the binoculars are so heavy. It ends up being pretty painful. Also, the strings twist around and one of my twins almost choked himself since he couldn't get it off of himself.If you do give it to children, I'd actually recommend taking off the neck string. It's too uncomfortably dangerous. I'm surprised that this sort of long cheap strap came w/ the product.
Don't waste your money on this peace of garbage , even if it is the only council that can play the new Killer Instinct videogame . Instead , get the far superior machines called the PlayStation Four and the Amazon Fire TV . Why both ? You'll figure it out . Why not X-box One ?  Do you even have to ask ? If you want to , don't ask , it's too obvious .
This has to be the worse transformer ever. It really does nothing at all but drops the blaster thing. My four year old had it broke in 24 hours.
This figure does not morph well, his left arm does not close down all of the way. It is a little difficult to close it down but he does pop right open. Our grandson 6 years old likes the gun with the dart that pops out, but not interested in the action figure.
The horse looks around and reacts to being pet by making various horse sounds. The sounds are realistic and the head movements are pretty well done. It is pose-able the same way a Barbie is pose-able, that is to say that it has straight stiff legs that rotate at the hip (unimpressive). My 3 year old loved it for a little while the first day and a bit the next day.  However, she hasn't played with it much since then. Did I mention that if your kid plays with it and then walks away, the thing will sit there for what seems like an interminable amount of time making horse sounds hoping that your kid will come back and run down the batteries?  Well, I'm sorry Butterscotch, but it doesn't look like my kids are coming back.
My son likes this and it's very cute, BUT it has some drawbacks.  Although it's very easy to assemble, the bolts are constantly working themselves loose, and need re-tightening about every other week.  One time one fell out while I was re-tightening which raised a safety concern in my mind.  You definitely don't want loose bolts within reach of small children, and these are just the right size where I could see a child trying to swallow one (heaven forbid).  The zebras are cute and do &#34;gallop,&#34; but I would recommend a different walker that &#34;does&#34; more, is cheaper, and is safer!!!
I bought this for my daughter when the loom craze started, and while it is ok for the simple bracelets, we were not able to make some of the more detailed ones. We watched videos on youtube on how to make them, and what they were doing just didn't work on this loom because the rows of the things you put the bands on is in an even row accross, not up and down like in the real loom. We had to stretch the bands too far to try to do the fancy designs, and then they broke and that was the end of the bracelet. My daughter is getting the real loom for Christmas.
What a disappointment! My son wanted this more than anything for Christmas.  Only to cry because it broke coming out of the package, and I was being VERY careful.  Ive never seen a super hero or transformer break like this. It was put together sooo delicately.  As soon as we straightened him out, his arm fell off too.  Returned to Amazon and awaiting our refund on this overpriced crappily put together toy.
For all of you who are dealing with issues with your Xbox One....DO NOT BUY ANOTHER CONSOLE UNTIL ALL THE KINKS ARE WORKED OUT FIRST!!! Give this console a year or two,before wasting your hard earned money on this hunk of junk! The Xbox One hasn't even been out that long,so of course it's gonna be riddled with bugs and screw up's.This has happend to alot of different consoles in the past,when they first were released.So,the best advice that I can give to you,is just wait until the Xbox One is fixed and gone through.I know it's a pain in the neck that a company cannot release a five star console right away,and it is complete bullcrap that the consumers have to sit back and wait for a console that works the way that it should work,but as I said,wait before throwing out another 500 bucks on this thing.In the meantime,just keep playing your 360 and do not even bother with the Xbox One until it's fixed and issue-free.It may take a while,but waiting is a whole lot better,compared to keep spending your cash on junk.
Kind of disappointed in the &#34;sunglasses&#34; for any 18&#34; doll! They don't really look like sunglasses ... more like glasses because they're not tinted! My daughter was pretty upset ... as was I!!!
I got this dog for my 6 year old daughter for her birthday. After the day it stop bouncing, but it still barks. you can hear the motor in it trying to bounce. It sad because very cute dog and my daughter love it. I just turn it off when you are moving is all I can suggest.
If you've seen this figure in person, you'll know that you don't want to bother with this one.  The face is 10x worse than what the pictures show.  As the overly generous 3 star reviewer says, it's the one figure that is unlovable because it captures none of the facial features of Princess Leia.  As a star wars fan, I was truly offended by this action figure.  Whoever gave their okay to start production on this figure should be fired.
My kids had more fun with the balloons than the game itself.  Poor construction.  As many others have stated, the top plastic piece that holds the game together pops off every time.
Making the car change color was fun for a few sittings, but then the glamor faded.  After sending a few other cars through, the toy was abandoned completely.  Over all, it was okay while it lasted, but when shopping for toys, I like a product with more versatility and staying power.
The Educational Insights Crime Solver Score and Forensic Activity Journal comes in two parts and each really needs its own review to be fair.Pros: The forensic activity journal though short, is very detailed with good activities. The usual fingerprint activity that you get in crime solver kits is here but it includes more detail that usually found. Textile pictures are also included for examination, and a pictorial mystery requires you to use the fingerprint knowledge from the earlier activity.  Overall, the journal is just fine.Cons: The Crime Solver Scope is just disappointing. In the image it appears larger.  Small is fine if it works but it only works easily if you are looking across a distance to focus. No matter how much the kids, teens, or adults in the family tried, it was almost impossible to actually focus the scope with any accuracy on the images in the journal unless you stood far away, which makes no sense if you are trying to sit down and work with a journal. We ultimately ended up switching out the scope for a large magnifying glass to use with the journal. Less cool looking but much more effective.As much as this looks like a quality product and the guide is good, if you buy it you should do so with the understanding that you are really purchasing a guide that is going to need you to supply the magnifying glass to have a productive outcome.
Its a nice toy, but it doesnt have anything different than the other airports your child may have. Good quality
Not what I expected, and the heat seal was missing. The figure was dangling in the box. Not sure what has been going on with Amazon's QA
This is yet another Crayola review I write, with two kids and the older (6 years old) being a huge Crayola fan, this should not come as a surprise. How does this product perform then?For starters, the selling point is that this is designed for small hands and it is also mentioned this is supposed to be "mess-free". Well, the size of the pad is just about perfect for a toddler, but it did feel just about right for my older kid (6)How does this work? after installing three AA batteries (not included, so keep that in mind if you get this) you should be good to go. On the back of the pad there is an ON/OFF switch where you can select if you want color lights or color lights with music. Just to give you an idea we do not use the music at all, it is just too loud and there is no volume control to change that, also, like with any other similar toys, it gets repetitive and eventually, annoying.The way this is built so it is mess-free, is that the pad is made of a dark blue gel covered by a thin plastic layer, so by using the included stylus you basically draw by removing the gel. This is very practical and clean but as you can imagine, frustrating: since the pad is made out of gel, it is practically impossible to draw without the figures deforming. Also, once you've used it, there is no easy way to restore the gel completely. You have to manually spread the gel, making all kinds of shapes with your hands in the process.After watching my kids play with this for a while I came to the following conclusion: younger kids (1-2 years old) may feel drawn to the music and colors but not actually use it as intended. Older kids who could use it to actually draw things may end up frustrated because of the issues caused by the consistency of the gel on the screen. I guess what I am trying to say is that this may work better as a baby toy, but there are better baby toys out there than this one.I am giving this item two stars, but I will also say there are other Crayola products you can get on the same price range that may suit your needs better.One final comment, anyone else noticed how Amazon warns about the choking hazard and mentions this is not for kids under 3? I mention this because the box in which this comes has a huge sign on the front suggesting this for 24+ months kids. The only choking hazard I could find was the stylus and yeah, I put the thing away from my younger kid.
doesn&#8217;t do much, not worth the money, sorry that I bought it for my child.  To him it was a one time look at toy.
One of the puzzles was in really bad shape. I bought this product brand new, yet the picture was coming apart from the wooden puzzle. Another puzzle had scratches/markings on some of the pieces. My daughter still loves it because she's 2; however, it really wasn't worth the money. It looked like a used product, and I don't think it will last very long before I have to pitch it.
These boxes are very sturdy and fun to play grocery store with them but don't fit in the kitchen. Still fun to play with and still a great product but wish they would have made sure they could be put into the kitchen. Needs a revamp for sure
The pieces are fine as far as construction quality. Everything about the set is the exact same quality as the Melissa and Doug stuff we have (which is to say, far above the quality of the Circo pieces I picked up once on clearance). All of the pieces are there as advertised. Overall I would love this set for the price... except for the disturbing chemical aroma on every single piece. I got the set a month or so before Christmas and opened it to let it air out for a month. When I went to wrap it it still smelled just as bad as the first time I sniffed it. There does not appear to be any varnish or finish or anything on the wood, so I'm completely baffled as to where the smell would be coming from. I wish another brand would sell such a useful expansion set, I would have been happy to pay more to not have the odor. My son really wanted some of the pieces in this set and more supports and risers and this was the best way to get it all in one. Very disappointed and scared about what I'm giving my 3 year old to play with.
Pretty quickly into construction I realized that this was going to be kind of a let down.  The pieces snapped together fairly well but the materials and design is pretty flimsy.  I gained a little hope once we had it all together and tried to launch our first flying ninja turtle.  And that's when any remaining hope faded...The point of the game is to either knock out all of the villains before they capture the pieces they need to win.  However, with one single turtle 3/4ths of all the villains fell off.  We read through the instructions as we tried to work out the rules, but 20 minutes later is descended into straight target practice and ended 15 minutes later and we haven't opened the game since.Wish I could be more constructive, but both my boys panned this game outright, and I have to agree.
This was a Christmas present for my grandson and he was terribly disappointed on Christmas when he found that this car didn't work and he wasn't going to get to play with it on Christmas.  We were not able to connect the antennae so that the control would pick up on the car and make it run.  What a disappointment for a little boy on Christmas.
I have stated my anger towards Mattel but this is a new low. I have waited for this, I wanted this, I dreamed of this day I would receive Batman and Robin from the 60's. But this is a BIG failure by Mattel.This is what I wrote Amazon upon trying to return this;The legs are bent or broken on the Robin figure and one is longer than the other due to poor QC it looks like. Very poor product and packaging by Mattel which may have contributed to the problems.Yeah, I got lucky as the paint job was okay...but how can one leg be longer than the other? Even when I TRIED to unbend it, it was still longer....how? I assume it is broken around the knee area or hip joint somewhere.Stay away, stay far away. Mattel will blame the fans for the poor quality/sales. No they did nothing wrong or Batman 66 was unwanted. They will lie, but I warn you, I am the 6th reviewer and everyone of us has had issues with this product. I will skip this and immediately return this garbage and just get the Neca 18" Batman and eventual Robin/Burt Ward figure due in 2014.NOTE: I hope NECA will attempt to release an 18" scale Batmobile, which will be unheard of and improbable.Shame on Mattel for this garbage product and poor quality. By the way the cape is cloth, but they STITCHED the MATTEL LABEL on it....STITCHED!!! You can try to cut it off, but be careful.....but really why would you even buy it at this point.2 out of 5, Batman seemed okay, but I was so disgusted with Robin I didn't bother to pull him out of the packaging after seeing the Robin issues and reading other reviews on youtube and Amazon.Update 8/5/13 I got my hands on the Mattel Batmobile that accompanies this line, and it is awful. Soon as Amazon puts it up I will state why...and yes it's cheap looking, over priced and awful piece of low quality plastic junk by Mattel. Mattel just does not care and neither does DC to allow this garbage by Mattel. I am so angry.Update 8/7/13 I decided to cancel the rest of the figures for this line. This is unacceptable. Amazon sent me the expected release date in my email, but my recent interaction with this line so far, and the Batmobile was the last straw. That overpriced piece of junk.....still infuriates me. I believe Mattel spent money on the license and was, "like F-bomb it, we don't care, lets just push it out cheaply and they'll buy it. If not, we'll blame the fans for not wanting it. Air high five guys. AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM MATTEL!!!Update 10/2/2013 It seems those who have given this set good reviews have not even bothered to open it and are determined to keep it closed for a time when these pieces of horse manure increases in value by 5 bucks ten years from now. But below are even more reasons why people seems to have given these pieces of donkey dirt 4 to 5 stars;a) Never took it out of the packb) Just becausec) No intelligence to give critical opinionsd) Related to a mattel exec or hired for positive ratings(Is that you Mr. Adam West)e) All of the aboveMy Robins' leg was twisted and one seemed longer than the other. The cloth cape with wires were awful.
It's my fault that I didn't read through the dimensions completely but I assumed that she would be much bigger for spending the amount that I did! The quality of the product looked ok, but the size was just too small!
This item seems to be very cheaply made and was very disappointed that after approximately 3 days of use had to be tossed.  It seems as those most toys now are plastic, thin and very cheaply made at a higher cost.  Of course with my age which will not be mentioned, when I was a kid the toys were study, heavy duty and would last what seemed like for many years.  Actually my brother and I have some of our toys from our childhood which was passed down to our kids and to our grandchildren that outlast most toys made today, which is so very sad.  I do not like writing bad reviews and it could be maybe that we received a defective item but based on other toys that have been purchased in the past and the durability of this item I will have to honestly say it is not worth the price.
First of all I can't believe what people are selling this for. I bought this off amazon and it was a new toy so there weren't any reviews but I like vtech for the most part so I figured it would be good. Plus my son is OBSESSED with wrecking balls!  First of all. The construction of the toy is horrendous. If u blow on it it will fall apart!  The first few hours were menacing playing with it and having pieces fall all over the place. The tower is 3 parts. When u touch a piece it will fall down. The next thing is. I'm not sure exactly what this thing is supposed to do as far as the balls---ot anyhing for that matter. Well start w the balls.  there are different shape balls which I suppose are meant to insert into these different "shapes". All the balls can fit into any hole. Lets just say. This feature is worthless and uneducational. Next I assumed when the balls went down the chute something fun would happen. Nothing really happens.  They fall out!  Then there's the slide which is held on by basically nothing and falls off. When u put a ball down if it has the gate open it will just fall down. It doesn't do anything like roll somewhere fun. It just falls. And then I suppose the child is supposed to push it along around the circuit? The circuit itself falls apart. The pieces of plastic don't click together.  They just kind of sit on top of each other. I'm done with the review. I can say more on how Dissatisfied I am with this but we will leave it at that.
This book's target age market of 3 and plus wouldn't really enjoy this game. It is way to complex and layered to catch their imagination and the play pieces don't overly lend themselves to independent rules and self-directed play along a different path. Older children also wouldn't like this (and didn't) because the game play is pretty unimaginative and too complicated to be fun.I think that most buyers will end up with a somewhat chintzy charm bracelet and a cardboard cutout of the academy instead of a board game when purchasing this item.
I got this for my 4 year old son. It looks great, however, I have a few beefs with it. First, the instructions only show how to transform it one way. While this may be easy for some to reverse engineer to go into the other mode, it had me scratching my head for quite a while. (Other sets we have have showed how to transform both ways). Second, the tail that is supposed to go on Grimlock in dino mode is really ill-fitting. It is hard to get it in there and often falls off. Third, half of Grimlock's head broke off at the swivel point for no reason. My son was transforming it, and it simply broke. Because it is on a hinge, it can't be super-glued back together, rendering Grimlock useless now after having it for less than a month. Bummed out because my son really liked the figure.
This little pony talked for about 10 minutes and then stopped.  We thought it was the battery so put in a new one.  It still did not work so we never got to see if the jumping and flipping worked because - nothing works.  I would really not recommend buying this.
I hate to say it but I'm not a huge fan of this figure.  Like many I was really looking forward to this series.  But unfortunately it doesn't even come close to hitting the mark.  First is the excess glue on areas of the figures( this could be an isolated issue ), mismatch plastic and paints and overall too flimsy.  I know its supposed to be slender real world proportions but this things built like a teenage boy.  This figure made me lose interest in the entire set. At the price I expected a lot more.
Pointing Fingers, a nominally 3-6 player game has the structure of one of those ice-breaker games where you're supposed to gather friends and find out just how much you really know about one another.With foam fingers in hand, point dials in lap, and question cards at the ready, players are supposed to pick the person who fits best whichever generic question is currently on the docket, with points awarded to the players who pointed at the same person the most.Let's be frank, here, shall we? The gimmick of the green foam Finger-Pointers is unnecessary and the questions puerile. Maybe the latter rubs me as such because I've become jaded thanks to so many sessions of Cards Against Humanity, but the former complaint still stands. My own prejudices concerning the questions aside, there remains the fact that many of the cards feature questions that are just slight variations on each other, leaving doubts as to the creativity of the game designers.Assembly of the point dials was mostly painless, however the instructions were a bit vague on at least one step (the facing of the spinner), which had to be intuited.As far as the rules go, I'm a bit disappointed at some of the optional variants... where at least one actively encourages losing players to cheat. I was ESPECIALLY angered by the note that tells players to buy an entire new set so you can expand the game to have 12 players. Really? C'mon, guys. Have a little dignity.All in all, I was not satisfied by either the concept or the implementation. Pointing Fingers will be forever relegated to the bottom of my board/party game stacks, never to be played again, methinks.
You can simply buy a simple chain necklace from Dollar Tree for $1. It's less material, but it's durable none the less.
OK, after reading all the reviews, some saying it doesn't glow and others saying it glows... I thought I'd give it a try hoping that it would glow.  They are CLEAR rubber bands.  NO GLOW.I wish sellers would sell what they label the products to be.  Even though Amazon promptly sent me a return label, it's simply a waste of time and energy.
This is a great doll with the various accessories packaged in. It was an instant success with our niece. We had a similar doll that required diapering. From my past experience as well as with this doll, the single diaper gets used up pretty quickly. The replacement diapers are more expensive than the real diapers which is outrageous. To add insult to the injury, the diapers are leaky and and not worth 1/10 the price.If I could redesign this product, I would somehow make the diapers washable. When the world is attempting to go green, products like these should teach conservation at an early age.Other than the issues with diapers, the doll itself is great and quality product. But because the diapering is a essential to playing with this doll and feeding it, it ruins the experience for the kid if you're not willing to spend money on extra diapers.
The furblings are cute but they do almost nothing. It's not worth what you pay for them. If you don't press the head, they don't talk, and what they do is really, really limited. Not even close to a Furby Boom
I'm sorry.  I owe my friend an apology.  I bought this for her soon-to-be two-year-old son.  I figured the toy was chunky enough for small hands, uncomplicated, fun, and finally...it's El Chupacabra.  If you haven't seen Planes, stop reading this review, buy it, then come back.He is HILARIOUS in the movie.  Yes, I'm a grown woman, but c'mon.  If you can't laugh at him, you have no soul!I digress.  I purchased this toy and set it up on my desk while waiting to get a birthday bag. I had not yet made the HORRIBLE, DISASTROUS MISTAKE of trying it out yet.  A couple days passed and I decided I'd see what he does.I have not yet recovered from this.Ok, really, down to the real review.This toy is annoying.  The idea is cute, but he makes this super loud noise.  I've yet to figure out if you can turn him down, but I don't think you can.  I didn't see anything indicating volume control.  It's not deafeningly loud, but it's obnoxious.Then, the noise doesn't stop.  It goes on for awhile.  Maybe 30 seconds straight (after I had set it down to make it go to &#34;sleep&#34;), or maybe longer.  It felt like 5 minutes.  It finally stopped and I was thankful.I went back to work and then it came back on!  It lasted maybe ten seconds, but I was ready to return it to Amazon.  Unfortunately, I was pressed for time on a gift, so I kept it and gave it to my friend's son.  Hence, my public apology.As a side note, my 8 year-old daughter asked to see what it does and I screamed, &#34;NO!  Do NOT push it around me.  Period.  It's annoying.&#34;  I had to go into the office the next day and told her once I'm gone, she could push it to see what it does.  I received a phone call that morning from her and she said, &#34;Umm...you're right...that thing IS annoying.&#34;  From the mouth of babes!***Disclaimer for all the crazies...she was not home alone.***I'm giving this two stars because it is actually a cute toy.  If the batteries were to die, it'd still be a cute toy, so there's that.  It wouldn't be worthless, really.  Just something to keep in mind if you like the idea of it minus the sound.
It's a great price, but not worth the purchase. I bought this as a gift for my little girl for Christmas, and while it was a great price, this product didn't last long at all. The product is cheaply made, and didn't even make it a week with it part of it breaking. My little girl ended up making bracelets using her fingers. I'd recommend spending a little bit more money to purchase the Rainbow Loom, which I've since done.
very cheaply made looks cheaper in person. My niece hasn't played much with it so I can not attest to its durability but I wouldn't purchase it again.
My daughter had been watching this on TV for months. She was so excited Christmas morning to find this waiting under the tree for her. After about ten minuted though, she was done with it. Not as &#34;exciting&#34; as they show on TV. The 3D is almost not exsistant. Haven't played with since
These would have been great if all of them were still working when they arrived. Three of them were dead on arrival.
My boy hasn&#8217;t become a Thomas the Train fanatic yet, so maybe that&#8217;s why he is not that much into this toy. He just doesn&#8217;t care.From my perspective, and after evaluating and playing with many toys, I find this toy, simply put, a waste of money. It has an extremely limited ability to entertain a child for a long time, it doesn&#8217;t encourage creativity or even multiple use. There is nothing to this train set bit just sliding the train down a slide. And there is a dinosaur. You can have additional fun if you buy more trains.The assembly was easy, although the instructions are very poor, especially the drawings.I would definitely rather invest into some Melissa and Doug or B Toys instead. They actually think about children while creating their toys instead of just pushing merchandise.
Plugged this into my computer to charge and the USB started smoking and melting...going to return.  Also the battery is confusing, not sure what to take off, I thought the foil was part of the packaging and not part of the battery.  Can't call Syma cause they are in China I think.
I am so disappointed with this purchase.  I ordered this straight from the website after my son begged me for it from Qubo advertisements.  I agree that this toy has several flaws and some might be dangerous enough to have it recalled.  The beads are tiny (as mentioned), they are very HARD to get into the pens.  They show the kids in the commercial sweeping the pieces into the sort-compartment, like it was nothing!  Well, try to do that yourself and see what happens?  A bunch of pieces that fly off the set because the plastic is designed poorly to keep beads from coming out of the sort compartment, at the same time requires to be lifted slightly to get the pieces in.STENCILS?  This utter crap, they are nothing but gloss paper pages, about the thickness of a good magazine page, my son broke the corner off within hours, they ARE made out of paper after all.  How can you run the pen through that, exposing beads without ripping the page is beyond me!  This is a temporary set, soon enough all "stencils" will be torn to shreds.  Be careful people don't be fooled.  And I CAN'T BELIEVE Amazon price here are you kidding me?  I think I overpaid for this in their own website imagine here. =[
My daughter loves Caillou but when it arrived, I noticed the hat is different color and he just didnt look right, didnt really look like him at all, so I looked up pics to compare and there were several things wrong. I returned it the same day it arrived.
The design is poorly thought out. The fundamental of the game is putting figures on different levels of the tower, but it is horribly easy to put off balance, and even easier to knock figures off of the tower. Just that alone is off-putting because you'll spend more time trying to put everything back then actually playing it, especially if you have young ones playing who will disrupt the balance of the tower. There's no reason to play a game where the very basic of it is badly designed and ruins whatever &#34;fun&#34; there could be had every few seconds.
i thought this was going to be bigger from the picture you showed and when I saw it I didn't think it was as pretty as described
this is very hard for younger kids to do---track does not come apart easy enough---the train does not have enough power to go up the ramp---not enough corner pieces to make the track shown---conveyor belt is extremely hard for a 3 year old to use without tearing the ramp apart---frustrates the child most of the time.
I was reading some reviews of this doll praizing the soft hair. Since wedid not own any American Girls before it is hard to compare with anything, my child was too young for those dolls and it is only now we got it. Comparing to any Disney Princess large dolls this doll's hair is a nightmare. We got it today mid-day and my daughter was carrying around while we were shopping for other things at other stores, She did not messed up her hair, just was carrying her with her kind of hugging her. Now after coming home we tried to fix her all messed up hair and it is a pure nighmare. The hair is all tangled and it is so soft and cheap that it is impossible to fix in any way. I have to take it back to the store now and have them comb it and pay another 15 bucks to do so. We have NEVER  own a doll that a 6 or so year old could not brush herself to perfecttion. Even the Princess and Me or Disney Toddler dolls had zero problems with keeping their hair beautiful comparing to this nightmare. I saw some girls at the store with their dolls hair kept perfect and they had staright hair usually short. It is puzzling what does it take to have the doll with nice looking hair with this brand but certainly just carrying around for few hours will close to ruin it for your kid indefinetely.I would be happy to just return it and forget it but unfortunately my little one has her hart set on this character and the whole story that comes with it, so if you are stucked on this one just like I seem to be, just make sure not to touch her hair, do not remove the protective old-ladies netting that comes on her hair or else prepare yourself for huge dissapointment and disaster.It is a shame because this is a beautiful doll and unfortunately it does not come with a protective glass cabinet as in the store where it is set to magnetize little girls and dissapoint them subsequently.It think that the company should do better job designing the hair and or place some huge hariband on her had with warnning that touching the hair or even having it bounce as you walk will cause irreversible tangling to it andleave your child deeply dissapointed.If I might suggest to the seller of this doll - be ready for lots of returns.If I might advise to the buyers, get it from some place that takes returns because you might quickly need one.Having said that, doll looks nice for the first five minuts or if you are collector and won't touch it, perfect for display, I saw at least 10 different outfits on her in different parts of the store, all look really nice. So again - perfect for collector and do not touch me doll loversbut if you want something to play with you might want to reconsider.It almost ruined our Christmas as it is only by circumstances that we decided to buy this doll earlier and not as Christmas gift and ruin her high hopes for the sought after brand.
We have purchased the Lego Star Wars Advent for the past 3 years (2011, 2012, 2013), and they have progressively gotten worse.  2011 was the best year.  It contained many recognizable ships and minifigures: Slave I, X-wing, Tie fighter, Nute Gunray, Chewbacca, tie fighter pilot, and of course Santa Yoda.2012 was slightly disappointing with only some recognizable items: Darth Maul Santa, Jar Jar Binks, AT-AT walker, and snowman R2D2.2013 has been horrible.  My son actually wanted me to take it back after opening the first 5 days, he taped it up and said he was done with it.  Honestly, I cannot blame him. I do not recognize any of the ships (I had to look them up on the LEGO website) and the minifigures are pretty lame, although he was excited to get Jango Fett.  I will not be buying another Star Wars Advent next year.  It seems as if LEGO is running out of ideas for a themed Star Wars Advent and just making figures and ships up.  Very disappointing.
Not engineered very well. CHEAP. Hard to get working. Great as just costume jewelry. It's cheap so good for a stocking stuffer or for an Easter basket. Doesn't get played with much at my house.
I thought this would be the perfect solution for my almost-3 year old who's dealing with some sensitivity issues. The ability to use visual indicators with sound being optional is fantastic! However, I ran into some hurdles while using it.Pros:---&#62; Brilliant to make this magnetic with a kickstand that you can use on a flat surface.---&#62; Sensory-friendly product because it has visual indicators with an optional warning alert and a sound indicator, also optional.Cons:---&#62; When I was setting the timer, the entire display went dim so that I couldn't see the numbers. But then when I come back to the clock function, the display was normal again. I assumed this was a defect and returned it.---&#62; The LED lights that turn on when you're using the timer function were weak -- not bright enough to be seen in a room that is well lit. If it's a sunny room, it'd be even more difficult to tell whether they're on or off.---&#62; The clock function doesn't add anything to the time tracker because the display itself is so small that the clock is hard to read unless you're right in front of the product. However, because this timer is both a clock and a timer, having both makes using either function much more cumbersome in terms of navigating the menus and button pushing. The features could easily be separated out if it's important to keep both in the product.---&#62; The instructions were confusing. There are two main buttons that you must press for major functions -- the green one and the red one. However, when I read the instructions, I initially couldn't get some things to work because it referred to the ENTER button. Soon I figured out that sometimes pressing ENTER meant the green button, but other times it meant the red one. Hopefully the instructions can be clarified as this is an easy fix.
I do not like giving negatively slanted reviews, but this toy earned it.This toy requires some adult assembly.  Not too hard, but no instructions were included and I resorted to looking at the picture on the box.  No batteries required.I put this Clubhouse to the test with my two year old grandson (the box indicates for ages 2+).  Initial impressions were not good.  The 2 Disney figures (Mickey and Minnie) do not seem to be correctly sized or shaped for the club house.  They do not fit well in their seats and tend to easily fall off of everything (airplane and teeter-totter).  They rarely go down the trap door/slide successfully without becoming stuck inside.  The airplane assembly keeps falling off.In summary:  This toy looks great, with the big mouse ears and carrying handle.  But the components are not well matched and do not function together well.  This list price for this non-electronic plastic toy would indicate a much better product than I found this one to be.Shame on Fisher-Price for signing off on this one, it's just not up to what I've came to expect from them over the years.  Not recommended.
i bought this for my son and the gel is already crusty and has like air bubbles like its been leaking or evaporating over time. It doesn't show lines good either. It is just an all around crap toy don't waste your 20.00 on it. I have never been disappointed in crayola products and I have been using them since I was a kid. This was in fact a total disappointment. I wish I lived closer to Target because I would return it and get my money back
Let's be honest: this doesn't really make jewelry, in the sense of "pretty accessories that someone would actually wear or that you could give to a friend as a gift they will enjoy." The creative process is fun, no doubt, but the end product is chintzy junk that will instantly be eaten and thrown up by your dog or end up clogging your vacuum. Eventually it will make its way into its permanent resting place: the landfill. Not at all worth it. There are so many crafts you can do for less money, with less waste.
this thing falls apart all. the. time. in hindsight i would've just saved my money and bought something else. only comes with 1 plane  (rusty)
Fine.  But I assumed they made noise.  So. My fault I guess. Not as much fun as I thought. Son likes them.
I am tech and toy friendly, so set up should be a breeze, right? Well let me tell you, to this day, I still don't have the Learning Lodge on my laptop to download the free App that it comes with.  I spent hours and yes, I do mean hours, trying to get it to work. Install Flash, reinstall Flash, oh wait, we want version 10 of Flash, not the most current which is 11.  It had my head spinning. Finally, I handed it to my 3 and 4 year old to just play with it with the cartridge that it came with and one additional that I had purchased (Thomas the Tank Engine).  The kids REALLY did enjoy it, but it was short lived. There was no flow to the games, it was cumbersome and at times, slow. The camera, although fun, produces very grainy pictures.  For the cost, I would have purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 tablet for them. It would have been the same and I could have downloaded apps for a fraction of the cost or free.I am not sure where these glowing reviews are coming from, but from anyone that has ever owned a V-tech product, this one falls way short. I am very disappointed. Although I must say, the highlight of this package was the rechargeable batteries. That was excellent and all products should come with them!If you are planning on just buying cartridges at $20-$25 each for this product, then I would have to say that yes, your children WILL enjoy playing with it.  If you want to use all the features, then no. I would also suggest that if you are purchasing this for a gift, you go to the website and download the Learning Lodge on your computer NOW.
The Imaginext Alpha Explorer has many options for imaginative play, but, somehow, kids still find it boring.  Kids most like playing with the space shuttle and imagining the astronauts role in the launch.  As a parent, I did not like the projectiles.  First, kids tend to lose them quite easily, as they are not very large.  Second, I think they are dangerous as they can hit other children or even the launcher.The sounds don't add much to the fun.  They are, in fact, quite loud, and take away from children's creativity.I'd recommend this toy for the 4-6 year old age range.  There are too many small pieces for children under 4 years old, and children over 6 years old will be bored by the toys' functionality.  All in all, however, there more fun space toys for the same age group.
This is basically the upgraded version of the old vTech kid laptops for the iPad age. Instead of a keyboard and mouse, the device has a touchscreen. Otherwise, it's just as sturdy and kid-friendly as older devices. The device has wireless connectivity (which means, parents, that you'll have to add this to your wireless networks). Your connection speed isn't that important because unfortauntely this device works extremely slowly even when displaying local content, sometimes taking over 30 seconds to display a new screen. Prepare to sit and wait. I can't get over how slow this display is! The internet connection does not mean your child can browse the internet by the way - it's just used to download apps, which your child can add to a "wish list" that will be emailed to you. The apps are (in my opinion) seriously overpriced and, really, not that great. This device costs $99 - if you save up a little more you can buy a Kindle Fire or a basic iPad, which will give you many more possibilities, a much more responsive screen, and many more educational apps at much lower prices. The only disadvantage to that approach is that you have to make sure your little one is careful with your device - which is just about the only advantage I see to getting this InnoTab instead: durability. Aside from that, I can't recommend it.
I personally find the countenance of the Cuddleuppets Unicorn disturbing--those big freaky sad eyes above the giant pig-like snout. However, my daughter asked for it for Christmas, and she truly loves it. It fits right in with her Unicorn Dreamlight and Stompeez. The marketers and makers of the commercials for these products must be geniuses when it comes to the psyche of a five year old!The blanket part is pretty small. It wraps a big around my daughter, but it's not as long as she is tall, so I think the appeal is more the snuggling with the animal head rather than it's use as a cozy blanket.The head is actually a puppet. Although my younger daughter is not able to get her hand into it and operate the mouth, my 12 year old did. I think it's value as a puppet may be limited to use by an older playmate.Edited 12/26/12After writing the review, I was cleaning up with my daughter and found one of the seams inside the puppet's head is already completely unattached. What a piece of junk. She just got it yesterday & hasn't even really played wih it. The reason I'm only lowering to 2 stars instead of 1 is because my daughter loves it so much.
To even use this, you will have to purchase a minimum of two action figures at an average price of $10 to $15 each.The product description page fails to mention that this toy is not only a choking hazard, which I was aware of, but that it is also a strangulation hazard, which I believe makes the recommended  minimum age of 3 years much too young, this toy should only be accessible by children of 6 years of age or older.The ladder shown in the commercials is not included, and the replay value of this toy is prettylow, there is only so many times that a kid is going to enjoy launching the (not included) action figure at either another (not included) action figure, or at the fake toy television screen. Not to mention that without the (not included) toy ladder, the odds of your child being able to successfully knock down anything other then the fake television screen are pretty slim as the launch angle does not allow you to aim at an action figure standing in the ring.My recommendation, pass on this one, it is basically a glorified piece of plastic junk, that requires even more expensive plastic junk to use.
The size is so small and the function is so limited my 3 year old who loves robots has absolutely no interest in it at all.
Most of the &#34;play&#34; time with this game comes from trying to reassemble it. It does not click together securely which is weird for a game that is based on pressure. Every time you put a new balloon in you have to rebuild the game.After the first couple balloons, the interest was gone. It quickly gets really easy to tell when the balloon will burst. This is a novel idea and I applaud the effort to try something that hasn't been done a million times. But the novelty wears off quickly and you are left with a balloon poking game.
For the twenty dollars these SW Black Series figures cost you would think they might at least have offered some quality control regarding the paint, which on a figure this size is instantly apparent. The blue horizontal line around the R2D2's head I purchased is completely skewed and his "mood ring eyes" are a mess of paint spatter. This is not acceptable.Regarding the sculpt, once again R2's "shoulders" are too slim, a failing with the old 12" line version. Look at head-on pics from the films and then inspect the Black 6" figure: the top portion of his shoulder is wider than the long vertical panel on his torso in the film pics. In this 6" version, it is much slimmer and R2 looks less beefy. This totally alters the character's look and appeal. His narrow shoulders look out of proportion to the rest of him.These are overpriced compared to other six inch scale figures by almost five dollars. I don't see myself sticking with this series, a series which likely won't even have scaled vehicles  - which is what makes the 3.75 inch figures so much fun.I've been so thrilled with the "vintage" style smaller articulated figures, but these larger ones leave much to be desired.******************************************************************************************Had the good fortune to find another two of these on the store pegs, but BOTH of them have the skewed line of blue paint around the circumference of R2's head just like the one I purchased does!!!UNACCEPTABLE!
I bought this to replace another doctor's kit that we had for my 3 year old. I was disappointed.  As others have mentioned, the top is hard for littlies to open. All the piece are sparkly but don't feel like the same quality as our earlier My Family Doctor set. I think I'll look for another of those.
Broken in 2 pieces in 2 days!  If your kids are rough on toys I would recomend some cheap ear buds.  I can get 3 pairs of cheap earbuds for the price of one of these.
It will watch you in your livingroom. Don't let the NSA spy on you in your living room. Buy a Wii U instead. The graphics are nearly the same.
The first thing that we noticed right away is that this set only comes with one wrestler. I understand that additional items may be sold separately but I'm really get tired of the new trend in toys where needed items are sold separately. I mean seriously, how can you wrestle with one guy? Two people is sort of the point in wrestling, it's not a single person sporting event.Assembly was frustrating for my 7 year old and me. Although there was detailed pictured instructions, assembly was awkward and confusing. Many steps, we just had to take and let my husband figure out how to assemble it. He figured it out quickly. So let's just say, you have to have the right kind of brain to do this and obviously I don't.The set itself is a wrestling ring with areas where the action figure can be launched from and crash into. The set is cheap and flimsy. The wall that is the bank vault is backwards to the ring and it was strange that you play on the back side. I see it falling apart and having to be reassembled often. My son was frustrated that the box that contains the championship belt kept coming apart when he didn't want it to.Within minutes, my son was playing with the action figure alone and left the wrestling ring sitting on the floor.
I got this set for my two nephews and niece who all love to play with the wooden Thomas the train set and table.  We have many accessories and buildings, which they will all play together with and have lots of fun.  While the pieces aren't cheap, they hold up well and aren't made of plastic.  One thing they do fight over sometimes is a motorized Thomas the Train car that runs on batteries.  They all love that one, so when I saw this set I thought it might be something that they would all love to play with.I couldn't have been more wrong!The first thing that didn't go over well was this track set is only really supposed to go together one way.  Unlike the wooden sets that allow a child to build a world using their imagination, this one has to be put together exactly as shown.  I hate this as it lessens the longevity of the toy and doesn't allow the child to explore his/her creativity.The Thomas isn't interchangeable with the wooden sets.  Since this is Fisher Price the scale is different than the wooden sets.  Unfortunately I didn't really check this out when I got it since most Thomas the train sets can be used together despite the manufacture (including the knock off brands).It took a while to put together, and when it was put together it was fairly large.  Another downside is that when you construct it some of the pieces can't be taken apart because they lock together permanently after putting together for the first time.  This is very unfortunate, since as I said it was fairly large when put together.  It's a big drawback in my opinion since this toy didn't hold their attention more than 30 min.  It isn't a toy that you will want to have out all of the time.  Another drawback is that since the track has to be put together a certain way, your little one won't probably be able to do it him or herself unlike the wooden sets.Finally, one of the "features" of this Train set is that Thomas is supposed to save the crown when he disappears into the tunnel.  I couldn't get the crown to stay in the hole without dropping down into the tunnel, so it ended up derailing the train.  We tried this several times and couldn't get the crown to stay up on top and then drop down into the tunnel when the train went through.Bottom line.  This is a complete waste of money in my opinion.  Even if your child is a big Thomas fan.  The train only goes around the track in one way.  It's not interchangable.  Parts of it didn't work the way it said it should, and it didn't hold their interest more than 20 min which was less time than it took to put it together.I would highly recommend the Thomas the Train wooden sets, buildings and accessories.  They may be expensive, but they are worth the investment.  Kids love to play with those.  Spend your money on that, not this.  Even at hald the price I wouldn't get this again.  Even if it was free I don't think I would get it again as it takes up too much space and won't fit back in the box it came in.Go for the real deal and you won't be disappointed (or waste your money).Thomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Talking Railway Stop And Greet SignalThomas and Friends Wooden Railway - Battery Powered ThomasThomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Water Tower Figure 8 Set
My son really, really wanted this, but hasn't played with it much at all.  It was hard to figure out how to set it up, and fold it back up.  It is also hard to get it to work as it should, doesn't work right every time.  I would not buy this again.
This is just awful. My little pony is total garbage and I am horrified that they have the nerve to even consider referencing the doctor in any homosexual way such as pony's. All pony fans are horrible for even looking at this. Mlp is the worst show known to humanity.
I got this kit to practice fine motor skills with my son. The playdoh gets stuck in the holes in a bad way and scissors are pretty useless.. the hair set they have few years ago was really good (it was barnyard farm or something).. this is a waste of money.. my son has opened and used the playdoh so i cant send it back either..
I had such high hopes that Jagger would be the best dino toy ever, but it has been a huge disappointment.  The meager directions that came with it were insufficient for any of us adults to follow, much less a three-year old, it would not walk forward on carpet or tile floors, it had to be yelled at to only occasionally follow commands, and I can't even remember all of the other problems.  He now functions as a statue.  What a shame and waste of Grandma's money!
It's a really cute boat, but I returned it.  It sinks a lot and is really huge for the bath tub.  With my two boys, there is no room for the boat - much bigger than I thought it would be.
The concept of the Beam Box is simple enough and the easy to use plug and play set up was an added bonus.  However, the actual practical aspects of the gameplay are far from engaging.  To begin, the graphics are rather weak.  Not really a deal breaker but beware that this pales in comparison to even the handheld gaming systems.  I was also not impressed with the fact that this uses 4 AA batteries for the actual console and 2 AAA batteries for the wireless controller!  Parents who are fed up with battery hogs should avoid this at all costs.  Why not include a power adapter or maybe allow for the console to get its power from the TV?  Additionally, the 7-year old I gave this to found it enjoyable for a while, but once the newness wore off, his interest waned considerably.  The problem is that the gameplay is rather repetitive and easily mastered.  Not to mention that the wireless controller has a range of around 10 feet from what I could gather and it must be aimed toward the console or it will not work properly.  The controller is also very simplistic; just the directional pad and one button that must be pressed repeatedly to accomplish everything else.  This game system is definitely better suited for kindergartners, but I suspect that they too will tire of it after a while.  This means having to purchase another Beam Box Transformer bot to get some variety.  But even that is not much better as buying additional character bots simply allow that particular character to be played in the exact same game levels programmed into the game console!  Overall, this game system has too many downsides to make it a worthy purchase.  The fact is that there are several other gaming options available for young kids that are far superior and fun in the long run.
&#34;Electronic&#34; means it has a single light on the chest. No voices, no sounds. Just the light.Yes the pieces are interchangeable with other Marvel figures but mixing the parts doesn't make the kids play with it much more.After 1 hour the novelty of this toy completely wore off and it now sits in many pieces in the bottom of a drawer.A better value would be to get more smaller Marvel figures for the same money.If you found this review helpful please give it a thumbs up below. Thanks!
The toy is cute but it does not work on the ipad mini. My son can play with it as a figure anyway, the price was not high.
I was with what I thought were the perfect subjects to test the Lion Toy - my 10 month old twin grandsons.  They have different personalities, so I thought even if one didn't like it, the other might.  Neither was impressed.  They were both interested in the 3 balls that come with it, but had little to no interest in the Lion.  They were not impressed that it could count to 10 in several languages.  It didn't even interest their 5 year old brother. There was a glimmer of interest when someone else made the balls pop out and then placed them in the lion's mouth.  That interest didn't last long.One problem, I noticed, is that they can tip it over on it's back very easily, yet can't stand it up again without assistance.  On it's back, you can't do anything.  One did put his hand in the lion's mouth to try to retrieve a ball, but began crying when the mouth closed and he couldn't pull his hand out.  It is a cute, brightly colored toy, so I was disappointed that it didn't do more to interest the intended age group (9mo+).I like to comment on packaging.  This was not frustration free packaging.  It was hard to get to the heavy cords (find all of the clear tape around the edges to make it easier), which were too heavy for my scissors to cut through, and were wrapped multiple times around pieces of cardboard.  The front was also open which makes wrapping a challenge.
We got ONE character! Unfortunately my child was so excited he opened it and lost the package or it would have been returned. I see they have added to the description since this was purchased.
Initially my three little daughters were thrilled to get this new dolly, and of course bickered over who got to carry her in the front pack. They thought her babbling was cute and giggled at her burps. They played with her for a couple of days steadily, and sporadically for a couple days after that.They have not touched her since.It's obvious to see why, of course. This doll is so filled with technological wonders she is hard and boxy in the middle, not cuddly, and not shaped like a real soft, chubby baby. You can't take her to bed, or with you in the stroller, or under your arm to the store, because she's boxy and loud and awkward. She does about 4 things, but once those things aren't novel anymore, you can't dress her in your other dolls' clothes, or sit her in a little chair, or do much of anything with her. So, naturally, she languishes on the floor.This has been my experience again and again and again with these "interactive" toys. Folks, there's nothing more interactive than your own imagination, or, even better, yours combined with that of a sibling or friend. Pen and paper, blocks and cups, water and dirt...you don't have to be a hippie to see there's a much greater value there than in a $50 doll that is doomed to be forgotten after less than a week.
I don't understand all the positive reviews. We have several of these wooden drag along animals (from different brands) and I must say this is probably my least favorite.Cons:1- The wheels and the fin are made of plastic. We got a wooden toy because we do not want our kid playing with plastic.2- The wheels do not work, the fish can't remain standing for more than 2 seconds when the toddler pulls it. So instead of having a cute little fish following him or her around, the toddler has this floppy thing that follows sideways. Fortunately, the toy is very light so it doesn't scratch hardwood floors.3- The plastic, not really functional: wheels get dented and scratched after the most minimal contact with a slightly rough floor (example if taken to the sidewalk).4- They toy is a little boring: most of the other toys like this we have make some sort of rattle noise or have something open and close when they are being dragged, this one doesn't.Pros:1 - My toddler seems to like it.2 - Since it is very light, the baby can carry it around.3 - The big eyes are a huge success.
VERY disappointed.  There was no color at all, only a barely visible, thin gray line appeared.  I collect small play items to put in a &#34;mailbox&#34; for my granddaughter to open when she visits.  She was so excited when she saw this in her mailbox -- anything &#34;Frozen&#34; she loves.  And she was even more disappointed that neither one of us could get it to work as advertised.  Instead, I used the incident to talk about how to handle disappointment.  Not a conversation I really wanted to have with a six-year old during the time we have together.
This toy is a piece of junk.  It didn't last 4 days.  The "plunger" broke (spring came out).Huge pet peeve of mine is making the customer put stickers on the toy.  This is not a model from the hobby shop.  So strike one.  Strike two is cheapo plastic. Strike 3, doesn't even make it past a week.Do not waste your time with this garbage.
read very carefully what comes with it. I didn't. Also it said in the add it was for ages 1 1/5 to 6 and when I got it the package sat to age 4.  I never even opened it up.
My son got this for Christmas, played with it a little but once it fell out of the air onto our carpeted floor the gears and propellers fell off.  I've tried to repair it but the manual is is broken english and doesn't detail how the pieces fit together.  Needless to say, my son is not pleased.This is the first rc copter we've had and I really recommend getting something other than this one.  Find a brand that actually has support and a web site (may like air hogs?).  Unless you know something about these toys it will be trial and error trying to fix it...and it looks like you can expect it to break.
No doubt, this is all my kids want to do. They love it. But they only want to make them, not use them...or worse, give them away (they are too expensive to give away!). Unless your kids are great at following the "recipe cards" and are able to exhibit self control, strict adult supervision is required. There is no way to limit the amount of juice they put into the measuring cups, they easily overflow or tip over because the base is so small. Sure, the stuff washes off with water...unless it is on their hands. So we have like 30 brown markers because that is what you get when you mix every color together blindly. Oh well, they had fun.
My grandson, approaching five years old, was the target for this toy.  But when we opened the package we were quickly disappointed.  The contents didn't look like the items in the front cover: Two boys catapulting items to each other behind a high wall.  It's better suited for small action figures and the children sit behind a low table with the blocks as a sort of fortress wall, albeit not very tall.The cardboard mat doesn't sit securely on the table surface, yet because the clay material leaves residue on coffee tables (a sticky, cloudy seal), this is not recommended for indoor play on or near nice furniture.  The pieces are too small for outdoor use as well.My grandson tried this out for a few minutes and then lost interest, telling me "It's boring, Oma!"  What a shame as he loves other Playdough products more suited for young boys.
I hate to say this but Disney missed the mark on this one. This would be a great pretend toy if only it had a little help to make it work. The track kept falling apart. When pushing the button down to make the cars go , it did nothing. We tried and tried. After awhile the boys just started pushing the cars on the floor.
As with many of these, I was disappointed. Thankfully I only paid as much as the figures would cost. And that is about all it is worth. A place for Superman's cape??? Really he needs an armoire now??? I thought that was for Barbie?Superman and Zod can battle it out with this, but it's nothing that exciting.
He doesn't move for crap. Only thing that makes him worth it is his height. If you just wanna pose him standing this is for you.
The Kaotiks playset could be great fun if it stayed on the track.As it is, it goes off frequently. The description states the manufacturers recommended age to be from 4 months to 15 years. I don't get it. Small children should not be using, and certainly not infants. If it is a typo, hopefully they will correct it. I think the real age range for this should be 6-7 age, as it is initially fun. The problem is that after less than ten minutes it needs to recharge, which wouldn't be bad if you didn't have to constantly go after the car and put it back on the track. It is very hard to modulate the speed, very much like the old slot cars. The car goes forwards and backwards. You cannot turn it. There is no real feeling that you are controlling it, or that you can improve. For the price, you can buy a decent slot car track with two cars and slots and play with a friend. This is used by one person (unless you have someone else getting the car when it goes off the track....that was my job). I like the concept, but it just doesn't seem like it is worthwhile. My son and daughter both grew tired of it very quickly. In fairness, I have a very large slot car track that we love to play with, and we also have a bunch of r/c cars that we race in the yard (many of which were about the same price...and MORE fun). The one thing this car has going for it is acceleration. I think it would have been more fun to create a dragster type of track and have two of these race eachother.....or, give it some control, eliminate the track, and let it be driven around.
A fun counting game that uses addition and subtraction concepts.  my grandchild loves to play.  We love to play with her.
I got this for my two daughters as their both fans of the TV show. Unfortunately, almost immediately I knew things weren't going to go well... the plastic is extremely flimsy and some of the plastic was bent from just sitting in the box. Within 30 minutes of assembling, the stairs broke off. Construction-wise, it's terrible.The base rarely works... often I can get it working again by turning it off and on again (requiring removing the base from the castle), but it never works for more then a couple of minutes.Lastly, there's a LOT of very small pieces... I don't understand why they list this for being for as young as 36 months.The good news is, both my daughters managed to keep from losing any of the little pieces... bad news is, that's because they only played with it for about an hour. In the last month it hasn't been touched. For the two of them to be such big fans of Sofia and not to use this castle, I'm shocked. I feel it's for the best though since I looked through the entire Sofia line that's available and everything has poor ratings for being flimsy and easily broken. At least I won't have to get them any more sets to go with this.
Applejack is cute, but for some reason she looks the least like her pony character out of any of the dolls of the set. It is some the eye shape and possibly the fact her freckles are darker and almost blend in with her face. She looks better in the pictures than in person.These dolls look nothing like the characters from the "Equestria Girls" movie. They look more like a product of weird MLP Furry fanfic. Some kids won't care about this, but many will notice it as soon as they see them and find that disappointing. Their quality is a mixed bag. The faces are painted beautifully with glossy paint and glitter. I'm not a big fan of heavy makeup on dolls, but Hasbro made their faces a mixture of whimsical, but tasteful and cute. The styles of clothing are adorable, too. The dresses/skirts tend to be a bit short, but they are girly enough (they are not made to look "sexy") it is cute.However, the quality really stops there. The clothing is a nightmare! It is cheap and poorly-made. A lot of the dolls' clothes aren't hemmed on the bottom and either look ragged--or will look ragged in a few play sessions. The seams on some of the clothes are starting to fall apart in the box. It's a shame Hasbro had to be so cheap as they already got around the clothing costs by making a lot of the dolls' tops painted on the body.This wouldn't be a biggie as fashion doll clothes can be exchanged with other brands or hand-made by a talented child/parent/collector. However, any creativity on making future clothes is limited by the shoes. They are part of the feet. As a parent and toy collector, this trend really bothers me to begin with. It is really gross and creepy taking off the shoes on the footless dolls. The knobs that hold the shoes on the legs look like bones. It also sends the really negative message to girls that shoes are more important than feet. Yuck!As a parent, I find this very impractical and wasteful as shoe/feet can be easily lost and you end up with a doll who forever looks like she had an accident with a machete--a lovely marketing technique to force you to buy future (cheaply-made) outfits to obtain more "feet." If you are a parent worried about this or have a sensitive child, it may be a good time to break out the super-glue. Come on, Hasbro--these girls were PONIES. They need their feet. At least make them into hooves.Next, the bodies on the Equestria Girls in the smaller packages are very cheap. The legs are stiff plastic. Only the ones in the deluxe fashion sets bends at the knee (the more expensively-priced Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy). I never understood how toy companies could make dolls like this as it seems to be a safety hazard, but it's also low-quality and not as fun to play with. A few Barbies have legs like that, but they are either dolls either for tub play (so they don't mildew) or ones that are marked well into the $5-7 range--which tells me Hasbro is trying to cut corners every way possible to make a buck and the Equestria Girls are ridiculously over-priced.Finally we get to the hair. The plugs in the front are tight and close together, but the plugs past that are *very* sparse. The scalp appears to painted to hide this on Applejack, but not for the other dolls. The hair is typical pony hair--and it's probably a good thing it's sparse for that reason as it will knot quickly. The hair quality is okay for the small ponies (because of the way it's lined up), but will be a total pain to brush out on a fashion doll. Not at all the quality you'd see in a Barbie or Monster High doll.All-in-all, I don't think I'd purchase this doll if I saw it in the store--not for these prices (even the retail ones)--or I'd only buy my kid's favorite character (Rainbow Dash). I discourage fellow parents and toy collectors from spending any less than retail on it (if even that). This toy is maybe worth $10--at the most. Barbie dolls that are similar (hard legs, painted on tops--but almost always better hair) cost even less than that. There are many other dolls that are higher-quality in the same price range or less.
Are you kidding me? What a shame that this is supposed to go with the castle and it barely fits. Completely disappointed.
Nothing reusable about this book.  Its a notebook with maybe 20 pages in it.  The crayons suck.  Once all the paper is gone what are we supposed to record our new booboos in?
We bought this Figurine set because it was suggested by amazon to buy with the clubhouse play set. Although my son likes having all the clubhouse friends, they don't work with Fly 'n' slide Clubhouse playset.  The figurines do not fit in the slide, plane, or even into the clubhouse living room.  However, the fact that they aren't compatible isn't their only issue.Some of the characters, Daisy and Donald mostly, don't like to stand.  They are pretty difficult to balance and they normally just topple over.  My kid's have a disabled Uncle, who is a quadriplegic in a wheel chair, and they have suggested that we get Donald and Daisy a wheel chair so they will be able to play with the other clubhouse friends just like their Uncle.Although that's pretty cute and heartwarming, and proves how much they love their uncle, I can't call a toy functional if it needs a wheel chair in order to do the only thing it is good for.The kids still shove them down the slide in the playhouse, dig them out since they get stuck, and play with them so it wasn't a complete waste of money, but it doesn't mean it was worth it.
My son's daycare provider had these and my son really enjoyed them there so I got them for at home. He never touched them. They are too hard to fit into your finger and just not real fun. They are also cheaply made so you get what you pay for.
I was excited about playing this game with my kids, but it turned out to be a disappointment.  Like other reviewers stated, it is just too difficult to balance more than a few penguins on the boat before it tips over.  The most we put on was five, and they have to be clustered around the mast.  Placing the penguins anywhere else on the boat results in immediate capsizing.The first day we played it a couple of times, but then they lost interest.  We tried getting it out again a few days ago, but my son did not even want to balance the boat on the wave.  He just wanted to place it flat on the ground and put the penguins on it.  Needless to say, that is not very fun either.  On the positive side, the penguins are cute and probably will join the Little People in pretend play, but the rest is probably destined to be recycled.
My daughter is a huge Sofia fan.  These Sofia toys are such a let down. I really wanted to love them.The plastic figurines don't sit/stand/bend by themselves or with the entire optional accessories (for example, the dolls don't even fit to sit on the optional horse carriage or at the tea party table).  Their heads continually fall off to the point it is a hazard for younger siblings (and pets).  One would think that (a) a Disney product and (b) a toy for toddlers would be much better designed!  Disappointed.
As much as my kid was bugging me to get this for Christmas I thought he'd play with it a lot more. He played with it maybe twice. For us, me specifically, it was a waste of money. But each child is different so who knows for your child.
I was really disappointed in the quality of this doll.  I expected much better  quality from Mattel.  Get what you pay for.  This was not such a good deal.
My 4 year old daughter received this as a gift for her birthday and was so excited. The twilight pony doll is perfect, she was excited to get a &#34;Princess Twilight&#34; although no crown. It came with a tiny little jewel to pop into Twilight's cutie mark, but since I have a 4 year old and a 2 year old, I super glued the jewel in.The equestria girl doll seemed great. The random long strands of hair bothered my daughter so she had me trim them. The legs on the doll were weird, I guess shes meant to be able to move her legs in all sorts of ways, but within 2 weeks of playing with the doll, one of her legs popped off and will not stay on. I've tried everything to fix it, but the only way to keep it slightly on is glue and a rubber band.
I would recommend this for a much younger child into years old and it was very hard to put together and I didn't find my son liked it very much he was too old for this vehicle
Don't be fooled by the look of the hair in the box. It is a nightmare to deal with. Her pony tail is very slim and knotted. Her hair has tangles all in it. Her lips are very poorly painted, and so are her eyes. Her extra outfit already broke and I haven't had it out of the box for an hour. Her brush has dust on it, and is dirty. The card and stickers are bent and in bad shape. Her wings stay in well, and are purple. Her purse is purple as well. She has purple earrings and they stay in well. I would not buy this doll unless you absolutely have to have fluttershy. She is a disappointment.
These transformers are ok, but no where near as cool as the originals. They are difficult to transform and the wings easily fall off the bird character. I would highly recommend purchasing a replica model on Amazon or searching for an original on Ebay.  You will pay much more, but you will get a toy that your child can play with that will not break and make them cry.
My four year old and eight year old broke into this set and had it set up before I could interject any assistance.  I really appreciate minimal set up, no fuss packaging, etc...  However, that's really the only nice thing I can say about this track.  Why do I hate this track?  Let me count the ways...1)Only one car.  Who do you race?2)Really an extension of 1--incompatible.  This track doesn't work with the metal cars toys or the micro drift cars toys or any of the other track sets I have purchased.  This is a whole new line requiring trips to the store to purchase competition for the single McQueen car included.3)It doesn't work consistently.  Failure to launch.  Failure to make the full length of the track.  This is frustrating for the kids and frustrating for me.  Even if it's their favorite franchise, my kids won't play with a toy that won't work.4)The entire set seems to be cheap and made of inferior and warped plastic.  This was a surprise, because typically I've been able to count on Disney products.For my family, this set will probably be recycled quickly.  It hasn't been used since day one.  To say I am disappointed is an understatement.
i didn't want to buy this as i knew it would be rubbish but also that it would make my daughter happy to open and see on christmas.  i was right on both accounts.  the figures barely manage to stand up, have to have very steady hands.  the faces are a poor likeness to the characters, especially Sophia.
Great concept, but poor execution....I read all of the negative reviews and decided to give this game a try any ways.  Everything that the prior customers said was accurate.  I got the game to work 2 out of 10 times, which is simply a huge fail in my book!!!
Terrible quality. Hard to get on and off fingers. Can I say again - terrible quality. You get what you pay for though and they were cheap!
Lambie was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  My daughter barely played with Lambie for one day (we celebrated Christmas late due to travels) and Lambie's neck came apart at the seam.  With a quick mend it was all fixed up, so I thought.  Yesterday, the voice box stopped working.  I thought it was the batteries.  I tried two new sets of batteries, but that did not fix the problem.  I purchased this item way before Christmas...even bigger mistake!  When I went to check on how to exchange this item today, this is what was stated....&#34;Return Window expired on October 9, 2012.If you return this item, you will receive a partial refund according to our Returns Policy. Shipping fees will not be refunded, and you will need to pay for return shipping.If you still wish to return this item, please send it to the address listed below and include your original packing slip, a print-out of the order summary from Your Account, or the Order ID written on a piece of paper so we can identify your return when it arrives at our return center.Amazon.com - Customer Returns172 Trade StreetLexington, KY 40511USA&#34;As a frequent Amazon buyer, this return police is disappointing. I do not mind paying shipping to and from for an exchange.  I only wanted to exchange this item not return it.  It's sad that I can only return this item for a partial credit too. This return policy is very upsetting considering that this was a Christmas gift.I normally do not like to leave negative comments, but I do not want to see another little girl upset.  Lambie is cute and cuddly; it unfortunate that we got a lemon instead of a working and well made Lambie!
Luckily, I do not own this toy. But a friend of mine just got it for her daughter, so I recently got to see one in person. I was going to get one for my own child, but not after seeing hers. This notebook is a complete joke. It's the size of the palm of your hand, and is NOT a "BIG book of boo-boos". It is nothing like the one on the show. The image of Doc McStuffins on the front is just a flimsy sticker, and the paper is really thin and tears out of the ring easily. The ring snags on everything and unravels with great ease. I would pay maybe a dollar for this at the dollar store, and not a penny more. In fact, I take THAT back. It's not even worth a dollar. You are much better off just finding a purple notebook and getting a pink glitter heart sticker, or just using some glue to stick on your own heart design, and making your own.This is a dollar-store item. Don't even waste your money.
The castle was 60 dollars the family was another 39 dollars , so basically a hundred dollars.The castle broke the second day and is irreparable.The heads pop off the dolls , the boy dolls will stand, momentarily, the castle has a sound board where you press the feet of the dolls and you get sentences or music, depending on the doll.The dolls are not anywhere near being worth 8 bucks apiece and Disney has made this deal so every time you order one thing your kiddo is going to want something else because the pieces are sold in such a way that demands you buy something else to have what you need to make the toy a set that is fun to play with. What a rip off and a cheaply made rip off on top of that. With aprox. 99 dollars invested I have a doll house now in the trash and a set of poorly made overpriced dolls , I salvaged the platform that takes four triple A batteries so my kiddos can at least have that much .  Basically money in the trash and very unhappy grand daughters.
My daughter loves this Barbie, but is dissapointed with the swing set. It does not swing freely, and hangs too low, which impedes it's movement.  It also tilts way forward, and there is no way we can make it stay level.  From what I can tell, this is a design defect. Cheaply made products are 'de rigeur' in America these days!
The cute creepy look to Magic Jinn sold me, it would be great for my 8 year old who's into that sort of thing. The voice matches his look, and with the phrases he spouts, make sure you note that yes, it's an older kid toy for sure.But, it kept him and his 10y/o sister amused for awhile, so it wasn't a total loss in terms of toy purchasing. I'd probably wait for it to go on sale though, $10 is about what I'd consider spending on it now that we've played with. Plus, it's one of the few toys that doesn't come with batteries now a days.I wouldn't give this as a gift, but it's alright when it works.
It was fine putting it together and my girls do like it BUT the little figurines (which I had to buy separately) don't even stand up in the castle, they just fall over.  And the stairs DO NOT stay on - it's basically been tossed to the side.  I'm thinking about just super gluing it on.  It's hard to get the figurines exactly on the sensor to get them to talk.  It's just crappy.
Pitiful. Let's take cherries off a tree and put them in a basket. Yup.....lame. Only good thing is it teaches some colors.
What's green, gray and really fun? Not the Kaotiks The Psycho-Plex Playset with Vehicle!  Hahahaha!Ok. So, if you want to drop $50 on a RC car track, don't buy this. On paper, the idea seems fun and great and there is even a minutia of fun to be had here but things get annoying really quick when you play with this. First off, you have to take the battery pack out and charge it with the remote control handle thingey.  As the remote control thingey drains your AA batteries charging your battery pack you insert the pack back into the housing in the car.  Press button and watch as the car careens into the side of the track repeatedly and get stuck as it pins itself going 90 degrees into the walls of the track.  You back up and the car flies into the side of the ramp.You press button again and the car goes around the track and jumps off of the ramp and maybe stays in the track but mostly just goes flying off into the ether. Or the side of your room.  Maybe I'm doing it wrong but my son quickly got bored trying to make the car work and walked off after 3 minutes of play.It's such a &#34;meh&#34; toy.  Not recommended.
The main reason for me to get this figure is because it reminds me of my late overweight Uncle Kelley but, extremely kind freelance luchadore. In fact, I do not recall him ever winning a single match. Most of his wrestling matches were solo acts for children's birthday parties and Bar Mitzvahs that he would always manage lose at to the cheers of many youthful onlookers.With me being the middle child of four brothers and five sisters, our parents ran a small business stocking claw machines at Mexican grocery stores. Often times, they would stock a machine and then have to completely refill it in under five minutes after highly-skilled Mexican with a couple of dollars would entirely "grab" everything with the claw. This would cause my parents to be gone for days to weeks  at a time as they ran their modest business.Uncle Kelley would fill-in for them while they were gone. To us, he was always a hero. He would show up at our door dressed in one of his one-size-too-small white unitards with corresponding mask, douse his body in whatever  kind of oil we had (such as baby oil, suntan oil or peanut cooking oil) and wrestle us in the back yard where our empty ground pool doubled as a wrestling ring.One night after watching an episode of 'Survivor' in Spanish, we all decided to go into the back yard for another wrestling match. We lit up several tiki torches around the ground pool for a nice tribal effect while playing the music from 'Jock Jams' on our boom box. Uncle Kelley covered his body with buttery cooking oil as he entered the ring. What should of been a fun wrestling match turned into one of the most horrific things I have ever seen.Uncle Kelley got too close to the flame and ignited himself up like it was Cinco de Mayo and the Festival of San Fermin combined.Not having a phone or knowing the number to nine-one-one in Spanish, all of us just stood there and stared as we helplessly watched him flail about as a headless chicken until he collapsed on the mat and eventually stopped moving.A few days later, our parents returned home and we held a small funeral for Uncle Kelley. What was left of his remains went into a trash can on the curbside. There, after the Tuesday trash was taken out, we began to construct a candle memorial on that curb where this Bane figure was placed just below the portrait my brother Desmond  did of Uncle Kelley on a velvet canvas.
My oldest one said, "this is no fun." That's a first. Until now all toys were fun.The benefit of this toy is that it includes 3 medium size round containers of a fun-to-manipulate clay-like substance.The demerits of this toy include the fact that it's not like the illustrations on the box. The board is really a relatively small section of cardboard. It looks and feels cheap. The castle(s) cannot be built because the material to do so is the clay substance and there's not nearly enough of it for that purpose.I felt that the molds were not that serviceable because it's unlikely children like mine will use them more than once.Finally, the catapults shoot the clay all over and cannot really be used to shoot at such close range. The balls of clay then can potentially become a mess. Mainly the gap between the box illustration and the contents was too large.
A toy should be a gateway to a child's imagination.  Unfortunately the Superman playset does little to inspire that imagination.  Its small, cheaply-built mold touts a Battle Arena where Superman and General Zod can fight, but in reality the arena is two plastic clips that just make the characters rock back and forth at each other, more like they're on a see-saw.  I find it hard to believe any child would use this wonky mechanic instead of their own two hands.But hey, there's a gun turret on the top of the Fortress of Solitude just like in the... well, nothing.  That has never been part of any Superman mythology.  Well on the up side it comes with swords, because when I think "Superman", I think "sword duel".  Sigh.Look, in the end my 6yo took Superman and General Zod from this set right to her Legos.  Which is probablythe set I should've gottenin the first place.  The Imaginext set seems well-enough built for a cheap toy, but since I don't forsee it getting much play I don't think quality will be a factor.  Inspiring play?  On that it fails entirely.
This is junk.  pure junk.  It was designed poorly and does not operate well.  Do yourself a favor and spend your money on something else.
So I am the only person in the world without an Ipad so it made no sense for me to purchase this for my children. I had really been interested in the non Ipad version and purchased this one out of confusion. I quickly gifted this to a family with an Ipad but have not heard from them since.
While I'll admit my grandson is only 2 yrs old, he was bored to tears with this after seeing the car go around the track twice.  As a matter of fact, he is more interested in stopping the spinner.  But he left this to opt for a toy truck he makes motor noises for as he drives it on the floor.The directions were poor.  The product is cheaply made.  There is nothing to do but watch a car get spit out of the spinner.  There is a flip to a finish line that is ridiculous as it rarely makes the full conversion on its own.Spend your money elsewhere.
As others have mentioned, these are made of thin scratchy yarn, not the traditional embroidery floss. There is not a wide variety of patterns (only 2 that I saw) and many of the patterns are the same. They also have a really funky, gross smell. A couple of them were pretty colors, but most were pretty ugly. Still ok for a party favor, but I wouldn't buy them again.
An all day science project according to my sister in law. She threatened not to talk to me after doing one marker.  Said it's a messy nightmare.
I really wanted to get this for my son.  However, there is a full page picture of children praying and &#34;saying your prayers&#34; is listed as one of the things good kids do.  We are not religious and so returned this.
I had my just turned 2 yr old nephew over and all he wanted to do was play with the balls. He had no interest in the Lion what so ever. While I think it's great that it speaks other languages, are you really going to carry on the teachings? I think it should have focused on something else besides languages. I will say that the balls have held up pretty well for a 2 yr old throwing them around every where.
Unfortunately, these arrived two days before a secret santa and I did not have time to return. Two of the rings were broken, due to being shipped in a bubble envelope.  I had ordered other items at the same time and this was one of those rare occasions when something did not come in a giant box.  I had no time to return, so I removed the good rings and put them in a separate box to gift and tossed the broken ones.
1 star - Non Operable Interactive FeaturesThree out of four of the &#34;interactive&#34; doll features did not work. Nothing happened when tickling feet or pushing button on back to burp/hiccup, and the sucks bottle/pacifier did not work.  The hand mechanism did work, she giggles, talks and bounces.  We changed the three AA batteries and flipped the &#34;try me&#34; switch to &#34;on&#34; but still no luck getting features to work.The doll is cute, nice detail on face, and any little girl would love all the accessories such as rattle, bottle, food/spoon, diaper with powder and wipes container, good sizes for little hands.  The doll's hard plastic carrier with attached straps makes it easy for child to insert doll into it.  The box it comes in is very cute too, although a child may have difficulty undoing all the hardware on back of box holding all the pieces to the box.  Wish we could give it a better rating but so many of the interactive features just don't work.
But you only get one lego person in this tiny bag.  Really, I paid almost 4.00 for one tiny lego person.  That made me quite upset.  And I thought I was getting a bag with all that was pictured.Yes, I am new to the lego world.  So this review is for those who are also new and may not understand what you are gettin.
My kids love action figures and they adore the Marvel movies, but they are completely indifferent to this toy. I thought they'd enjoy switching out the arms and playing pretend with it, but they looked at it once and left it lay on the floor. They haven't picked it up since. My boys are ages 6 and 10.
My 3-year old daughter loves my digital camera.  She is always asking to use it, so when I saw this camera made for her age I bought it.  The camera is cute and she loves it, but it takes absolutely terrible pictures.  They are truly barely recognizable.  I'll let her keep it because she loves it, but I will probably get her a cheap (real) camera some time next year.
I got this for my son because he loves playing fruit ninja.  But its really hard to play the game with this.  Now he just uses his finger and plays with this as an action figure.
This product is HUGE -- so difficult to store. And while the smaller cars are fun for my infant son to play with (age 15 months), he has never taken an interest in the boat. I had hoped it would make a great bath toy, but something that big can't hang out in the tub forever. It has moved outside to float around in our kiddie pool... that is, when the kids don't dump it somewhere else just to get it out of their way.
I was really hoping this would be a case of &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.  It is the most expensive dinosaur after all but it doesn't do anything!  You have to push the button until the dino tells you the command you want and then you have to repeat him and shout multiple times to get him to do what you want.  It's not like you can just command him which is what they advertise.  That's not true.  Also he cannot walk on carpet.  He is pretty much a sitting duck and a waste of money.
I have several  B Good products and am not as happy with this one as I would like.  The biggest complaint is that the stethoscope doesn't actually work.  It looks like it should but then the end is a solid plastic piece. All the tools look cheap. The kennel is okay, but the compartments are really small.  The top latch, under which is the tools are stored is very weak on ours and feels like it will break.I am off to find a working stethoscope...
Evidently the Quality Control Manager for Fisher Price at the factory where these are being produced is Color Blind.  My 3 year old Grandson wanted to know why it was Orange and not Red??  Try explaining that to a 3 year old!!  I called Fisher-Price and they sent me a Certificate for $16.00, a partial Refund, and apologized. DO NOT BUY THIS, there are 2 other Fire Pieces that are Red, a &#34;HOOK&LADDER;&#34; and a &#34;WATER TANKER&#34;.Larry Marder
This toy is a giant piece of Crapola. Its's difficult for me to do --- IMPOSSIBLE for my five year old to do. The directions were so tiny and terrible, I had to look the toy up on you tube to see how it works and how to put it together. Really sad that I paid the introductory price of $40. My son kept seeing the ad on tv and it looks cool, but be warned; its just another piece of plastic crap to fill up your toy bin that no one wants to play with because it requires a coordination that young children just don't have yet. I wish I would have bought him poop on a stick instead.
First of all, I have to say that assembling the train set into the one possible configuration was ridiculously hard. The instructions were poorly done, and although I am usually very good at, say, assembling flat-pack furniture, or st making things, I could not get the train set together. My mechanical engineer husband set it up eventually, and he was unimpressed by the instructions and by the flimsy quality of the pieces.Once the set was assembled, I quickly realized what a boring route it is. Thomas follows the pre-ordained loops of track, usually getting stuck on the 2-level loop part, because the track parts don't connect neatly, and then falls into the tunnel, usually with the plastic crown falling and missing the cargo cab that is supposed to catch the crown.My daughter would hardly look at our play with it, despite being a big Thomas fan and loving the wooden Thomas sets she had that allow some creativity.I understand this is to be a movie tie-in, but that is no excuse for the crummy quality and boring of this set.
Less than 3 months after we got it (and were extremely careful with it) it broke. None of the buttons make any noise anymore. I was hoping to get a replacement, but no such luck. Bummer b/c while it worked, my kids loved it! Now it's kinda worthless :(
While all the contents are getting good use I find that I am constantly having to put this lid back on.  Every single time my daughter tries to open it she cant because its to hard to release and when I finally get it open for her the hinge pops out which is also just as difficult to put back together.  It also doesn't come in the box like it is displayed in when you purchase it.  Instead it arrives in a plain brown box.... pretty boring.  I had to open it for my daughter to even get her interested in it.  I would rather it have come in a cloth bag or something than this piece of junk.  Would not recommend.
I can't recommend this toy although if one could buy the accessories it would be fun.  My kids were disappointed and haven't played with it since opening the box.There isn't really any action using only what comes in the box.
Lets cut to the chaseCons:1.) Its $100 more than the competing console (PS4)2.) The feature that is to warrant the $100 (kinect) Barely works. IGN actually voted the PS Eye for PS4 to work better. I can't say if it does or not, but I can tell you that the kinect is not good.a.) Voice commands only work if it is completely silent. A game or movie can't be playing very loud or else it doesn't work.b.) When it is silent, commands work around 65% of the time. Its embarrassing to use in front of company. Waking it up is always at least two attempts. I don't speak with an accent.c.) Using your hand to guide yourself is even worse. With EXCELLENT light, it will find you decently if you are less than 8 feet away from the sensor. To select something you need to hold your hand on what you're pressing and then push forward. No matter how many times I try, it always pushes outward from what I'm pressing towards instead of pushing it like its a button.d.) Almost every game poorly implements all of the features. From some combination of fault, you never get what you want and you're always repeating yourself. If the kinect manages to sign you in by your face, it doesn't really matter, because every game I have asks me who I am when I start it up even though I just signed it with my face 10 seconds prior.3.) The graphics are without a doubt inferior to the competition. Mostly its negligible for those with less than 60" screens, but the PS4 is $100 cheaper and the stronger of the two. Again, the Kinect does not warrant an extra $1004.) PS4 is already offering free games every month for PS plus subscription. Xbone has released a demo for killer instinct (which is insanely boring and a pretty undisputed flop)These 4 points are huge reasons not to purchase the Xbox One over the PS4. There is literally no advantage that I can think of. The graphics will always lag because some of the power is allocated to the kinect at all times, and not to mention, the PS4 already has SUPERIOR hardware. Thats a bad combo. They could one day match the PS4's price, but I don't see it happening. Number 2 was advertised to work much better. I watched a demo where they recorded audio from a room and you couldn't decipher a single thing. Then it played back kinects isolated audio of the gamer and it was perfectly understandable. This has not been my case. Maybe they will update it.  3 will always remain. It just doesn't have the horsepower PS4 has. As for 4, they claim they will start offering free games. Hasn't happened as of yet.Also,HBOgo doesn't exist like it does for 360There are rampant problems with comcast internet that doesn't exist on other consoles (streaming video is sketchy as well as multiplayer)Pros:1.) If this has the games you want, this is your console. For me it does, so I bought it.2.) Set top box functionality is nice.3.) IF they can get the kinect voice functions to work 90% of the time, it will be completely worth the $500 asking price. I have hope.I'll update this if there are changes made, but I can't find them in any of the future builds that I've scoured the internet for.2 stars because it might have the games you want and youll just have to deal with it costing more than the PS4 for no reason as of yet. This is going to make some xbox fans really unhappy, but try to think. If you don't voice your opinions about these little problems, nothing gets fixed. There is no incentive for the manufacturer. USE YOUR HEADS
I received this game to review for Amazon, and my 8 year old grandson just happened to be visiting when it arrived. His eyes absolutely LIT UP when he saw it. "I saw the ad for this on TV!," he said. "This is going to be fun!" So with much anticipation we got out all the pieces and instructions and started to put it together.First, the pieces are difficult to put together for an 8 year old, but with (grand)parental assistance it went fine. However, when we got to blowing up the balloon, the instructions told us we needed a balloon pump, which was NOT included! How many people have a balloon pump laying around?! With some difficulty (taking the game apart, blowing up the balloon, and re-assembling), we got the balloon blown up and everything together.The object of the game is to roll the dice, and "poke" the balloon with one of the secured sticks as many times as the dice rolls. Great in theory, terrible in practice. Of the 9 sticks, 5 of them did not "click" as they should to count off your turns. We would push a stick in twice, and it would not click, but pop right back out. That makes 5 out of 9 of the sticks totally worthless.The first balloon we blew up may have been blown up too large, as two "pokes" and it popped. Not much fun in that.The second balloon we blew up (and by the way, we had to once again dis-assemble the entire game, insert the balloon, blow it up, and re-assemble), we blew up smaller and with the sticks that DID work, none of them popped the balloon because it wasn't blown up enough.As we did try to poke the balloon with sticks, the top piece that holds the basic game together kept popping off, and we would have to stop, push it back into place, and try again.After two balloons, my grandson gave up and didn't want to play anymore. We went from bright eyed with anticipation to a little bottom lip sticking out in disappointment. I am certainly glad this wasn't a birthday or Christmas gift for him (and it may well have been on his 'wish list' from seeing the TV ad!)I don't give bad reviews lightly, but I have to be honest with this one because I hate to think of disappointed kids on Christmas morning. Overall, a frustrating, badly produced waste of time and money. Move along. There's nothing to see here.
These Star Wars Black Series six inch figures look great in their packaging, but, once they're out, all their deficiencies become obvious:First of all, the sculpts aren't terrific, in fact, their 3.75" counterparts look about as detailed. The characters gain nothing detail-wise in this scale. Second, the price is terrible unless you find it on sale. Hasbro also makes Marvel Legends which retail for four dollars cheaper. Third, the posability initially looks promising but a little time spent with the figure reveals that the addition of double jointed knees does nothing towards dynamic poses and the lack of double joints in the elbows crushes any further possibility.Even Boba Fett cannot hold his blaster rifle properly in two hands.Lastly, there are elements in the body sculpt that impede this posability - ankles do not allow for the feet to turn up even slightly to make the figure crouch, armor elements on Fett and the Sandtrooper get in the way of them  doing - well, just about ANYTHING besides stand at attention.This doesn't make a lot of sense when you consider the recent Hasbro Marvel Legends which are capable of a great many dynamic poses and are often weighted properly so they can stand unaided. Hasbro has the team - why aren't they using them?Essentially, if you must have these figures then do yourself a favor and leave them in the packaging where they'll look great. If you mean to display them you're in for a great disappointment.
I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter for Christmas and thank goodness I opened it to put in a box because it had a hole in the back. I honestly would of returned for a refund but my granddaughter had asked for it for Christmas. Amazon was wonderful and shipped a new one out overnight so it was here for Christmas. I believe the only appeal is the commercial and my granddaughter has not played with it since Christmas. I can not say enough how cheaply made this product it.
This thing is made from lightweight plastic and has sharp parts on it.  I am guessing it will break soon.  Not recommended for 3yrs and under.
Assembly was not difficult though the instructions were not terribly helpful.  This has one of those nearly all picture instructions where each step is two parts and an arrow.  Then you guess how they are supposed to connect.The ropes are nice and stretchy and the mat has a slight bounce to it.  The plastic parts all have a flimsy feel.  You can't pull the launcher side down unless you hold the whole thing in place.  I admit we didn't bother to buy the guys to go with it (my kids didn't even ask).  But the few words on the instructions were a warning not to launch anything that doesn't come with the toy and it doesn't come with guys so...
I put it together and I have to say it is flimsy and I don't see long term use coming from it. I expected it to be more sturdy since it is a Fisher-Price toy. My two grandsons played with it over the weekend, they enjoyed the track for a while but because it kept falling down they lost interest in it and just played with the cars. My family has enjoyed Fisher-Price toys for generations because they have always been very durable toys. All I can say is What Happened Fisher-Price?
I received this Vtech Innotab 3 last week and was excited because my daughters 5 and 7 have been asking for one so here it is and what a big let down. I first put the batteries in and turned it on, thought is was broken because it seemed to take for ever with the round circle in the screen but finely did start up and I was able to quicly set it up. Next I let my girls play with it for a bit and then the really bad part happened. They asked if they could download a game to it and I said sure. I then plugged it into my macbook and it started to install the program for it but then locked up my computer and it closed out with errors. I then tried to install it again and again and it finally installed but took forever. Next I plugged it in so I could down load a game but it kept saying to plug the device in but funny thing is it recognized it just fine to pull up the info that is on the toy. I tued forever to get it to work but no such luck.I then figured I would try a PC well pretty much exact same problems such as locking up the pc and all. After about 6 attempts the program installed but same exact problem with the pc not recognizing the toy when trying to down load a game. I went through a complete set of batteries just trying to get it o work. I done and moving on with something else that will hopefully work.Unfortunately I really don't have any good comments about this Innotab 3 and that is really rare for me to give bad reviews but looks like I ether received a bad unit or just poorly designed. Oh and yes I did try uninstalling the program several times to no avail. Thanks and hope this helps someone make a better purchase like probably a Leapster or Leap pad. I have had very good luck with them.
The images looked ok, but the plugs are way bigger.. oh well.. Not worth returning, I can use them on something - should have done more research, but I
Aside from the issues of having to deal with V Tech directly, this Innotab is just okay.  It takes too long to load the pages and it is not as user friendly as it would seam.  The games cost too much each and going online is not as simple as going online.  My friend has a Leap Frog pad thing for her child and I like it much better.  I wish V tech put more work into the system rather that into the way it looks.  It is a very cute and durable looking tablet so I guess it would make a great paper weight.
My girls enjoy beading and jewelry, so I thought we'd give this a try. I'm less than impressed.The heart of this thing is a flat, plastic paddle on a spinner. It allows to whirl around clay to make a swirled effect. I think you could do the same thing between your hands and it would be easier. The paddle itself is a little awkward to operate, and it is really very simple.The kit comes with air hardening modeling clay and some jewelry making supplies. You could just buy these things separately - which is what I'd recommend.
Don't be fooled by the picture, it only comes with one plane - Duty Crophopper, and I don't know how or where to get the other planes. That being said, my 4 year old really wanted this set so I bought it. It turned out to be a very short lived toy. There's just not much to do with it and is very boring. I would't recommend it, not for $20 (that's what the toy stores are asking). $5 is more realistic.
My son LOVES Mickey Mouse clubhouse.  Disney usually has quality products, but this is the exception.  I was disappointed for my son, which is the worst feeling.  Mickey doesn't stay in the airplane when you move the plane around the clubhouse.  When Mickey or Minnie go down the trap door leading to the slide, they don't slide down due to the way they are shaped.  You have to physically push them down the slide. The blue chair is so far inside the club house that it is difficult to get to it the child is playing with it on the floor. The little yellow chairs are a good idea, but they are so small that Mickey tips over when placed in them.  Honestly, you fight with this toy more than playing with it.  I feel bad for my son for getting this as a gift.
My kids (2 and 4 years old) LOVE the magna doodle drawing things that are similar to this one, so I thought they would love this, but not so much.  It has purple gel inside of it, which looks cool when it's lit up, but b/c it works by the gel simply being displaced when you "draw" you can't really write/draw anything.  When you push down w/ the pencil or your finger, the gel just squishes to another part of the surface and erases the parts of the line previously drawn.  This was very frustrating b/c my kids wanted to draw a big, cohesive pic, but couldn't.  The lights and songs are OK, but get really annoying after a while.  Overall, we weren't impressed and won't be using this as a regular play time toy in our house.I would recommend this for toddlers who love to draw:Classic Doodler With 2 Stampers, Classic Purple
I received this at no cost through the Vine program. Otherwise I would have returned it. Here's why.1. I dislike any product that relies on deceptive advertising. There is a picture of a child holding this bag which makes it seem much larger that it is. In fact this bag measures only 9 inches across and is 8 inches high (excluding the handles). Not very large at all.There is another picture showing this bag overflowing, and with no room to put in nine pieces of fruit and vegetables lying on the ground. Another deception, because if you put in all 16 pieces that come with this bag, you will fill it up only about 2/3 of the way.2. I already have Melissa & Doug Playtime Fruits and Melissa & Doug Playtime Veggies. There is no comparison. In contrast to this product, where everything is the same size, with the Melissa and Doug products the fruits and vegetables are sized like in real life and also have more detail than this product. The quality of the plastic and coloring are also superior.3. I have visited no less than three different children's museums in three different states (NY, NJ and NH) with my 2 year 9 month old granddaughter. All of them have play fruit and vegetables, but none of them have anything that looks like this product. All use Melissa and Doug fruits and vegetables.Bottom line: This is cheap looking, unrealistic, and is marketed in a deceptive way. If you really want to teach your child about fruits and vegetables, go with Melissa and Doug.
Very cheap! The box is the frame, and it's cardboard. One use and done. I bought this for a gift, but it is a little embarrassing and will probably give this as a non gift bonus. I value this at $5, max. Very cheap.
The beaded necklace part broke the first day and my almost 4 year old daughter has a difficult time figuring out how to make it work with the cards. I hot glued the necklace back together and hoping it works. She does loves the size of the amulet.
I am a huge Sofia The First fan. I love everything Sofia The First themed. I have dolls, figurines, pillows, you name it, if it has Sofia The First on it, chances are I have it. I recently received the Sofia The First Soft Doll, and I was really disappointed with it.First of all, this is what I would consider a small doll. It is smaller in height then a ruler coming in at just under 12&#34; high. The dress on this doll is supposed to be the signature dress that Sofia The First wears, however it's far from the signature dress. First of all, there is lots of lace on this dress, something that Sofia The First's signature dress did not have. The color purple of the dress is too dark, and nothing like the soft lavender of Sofia The First's actual dress. Additionally, there are no pearls on this dress, beaded or painted on, so the dress looks cheaply made compared to Sofia The First's dress on the television series and in her movies. The shoes are the wrong shade of purple, don't match the dress, and they are permanent, so they cannot be removed, they are actually part of her lower legs. The amulet is also painted on, and while it looks like Sofia The First's amulet, it doesn't look good painted on, and actually looks really cheap. The seams on the dress are blatantly obvious and it just looks cheap all the way around. Her tiara is non removable and is very stiff, which makes this doll less cuddly. You can easily clip it off with a pair of scissors and not damage the doll or her &#34;hair&#34;.The dress is not my biggest complaint about this doll however. This doll looks NOTHING like Sofia The First. The doll is not even cute as just a doll! The hair is AWFUL! They tried to make the curls out of the fabric that the doll is made out of, and it has this Medusa, out of control look to it. The face looks nothing like Sofia The First, and the facial features are all wrong, as is the expression. Like many of the Sofia The First dolls, her head is too big for the size of her body. The whole thing just looks strange. When I opened the doll, I was amazed at how ugly it was, as a doll in general, even if it was not a Sofia The First doll.The doll seems to hold up well to a lot of wear and tear, but it's just not cute like other Sofia The First dolls that I have seen. If you are looking for a good Sofia The First doll, there are plenty others that look a lot nicer, and more like Sofia The First then this one does.
I'm a huge Calico Critter fan.  The BEST thing about them is that they are SO detailed with all of their little pieces and this really opens the child's imagination up.  So the kids were super excited to hear this ice cream truck was on it's way.What a disappointment when it arrived.  The pieces that are there are very neat; the ice cream dispenser is super nice and creative and the kids love playing with it. But the variety of pieces are so slim!  You basically just get a few dishes and cones and a few types of ice cream with spoons.  To pay this price for basically a typical plastic bus and a neat ice cream dispenser? Not at all reasonable, nor typical of Calico Critters.  I hope this is not a new Calico Critters trend... to basically slim down on what you get to save the company money.  They should have included boxes of ice cream bars; various ice cream bars and all the typical stuff that is in an ice cream truck; not just a soft serve dispenser and ice cream.Now my younger kids love it; but the older daughter was also disappointed because she has lots of Calico Critters and was expecting more.Don't recommend unless you really, really want a Calico Critters ice cream set and don't mind paying a lot for just a little return.
The hook on the end is too thick to use (for my 8yr old) with her loom band.  I think if you had more patience you could use it as a backup.
My almost 5 year old daughter had this as her #1 Christmas wish list. I'm sorry that I bought it and am returning it. The system itself is smart and works well...the magnet tray and loading the magnet dots back into the "pens." The problem is that the pictures don't really come out looking like the images on TV or the box. The 3D effects work...but barely. The dots are extrememly small...the smallest being smaller than the nail on my pinky finger. It was also hard to get just one dot to drop at a time. I'd spend my money elsewhere. If you insist on buying it, Kmart and Walmart carry it for under $30.
My little girl loves despicable me and I thought this would be great. But I can't believe how small they are! I knew the were figurines and didn't move but I expected bigger. And they don't stay on their stands. Was definitely NOT worth $30!!!
They are cute! But we could never get them to work. They are very small, which I expected and would be great if we could make them run!
Save your money. I bought these cheap, but it still wasn't worth the price. The packaging did nothing to protect the contents. I ended up with tiny broken plastic bits everywhere since it was all crushed. I didn't bother with a refund/return though I should have just on principle.
Mega Bloks Barbie Build 'n Style Luxury Mansion is nothing like what I expected.  It is very small scale compared to traditional Barbies.  I was expecting something that actual Barbie dolls could fit into but this "mansion" is very tiny and complex. Everything must be assembled.  This is basically a Lego knock off.  The box says it is for ages 4+ but I can't imagine my four-year-old playing with this.  It contains all small parts that are destined to be lost.  Even the two tiny "Barbies" that are included must be assembled.  I hate it.
After an heroic effort to liberate this toy from its complex packaging and multitude of straps, tape, and ties (one might think nitroglycerin was being transported) I set up the playhouse. It is very cheap and flimsy and the music has but one volume setting which is extra loud. The moving parts are awkward and difficult to operate. Julius will go down the short slide and that is the bestI can say about this lame and unimaginative toy.
I bought two of the Royal Loom kits since they were on sale (more than 1/3 the price of the Rainbow Loom). It looked ok when I opened the box but when my son tried to separate the pegs, the plastic holder for the 3 row of pegs bent right away. When I tried to separate the pegs on another kit, it bent right away too. This was so delicate and very hard to separate the pegs. The quality is definitely not good. The hook is very small and flimpsy.  I returned both of the kits back to the store and will plan to buy a more durable Rainbow Loom. Too bad the price was right but the quality was not.
My 5 year old son wanted this really bad after seeing a commercial for it, I told him he could ask for it for christmas, but my son rarely gets excited about a toy, he never plays with them, so I told him he could take piggy bank money and buy it himself, so I looked online at reviews and saw that they were crap, but he wanted it and doesn't understand reviews, so I decided to take him to toys r us, where it would be easier to return, so far the thing is just dumb, just like everyone else says, the pieces are so tiny, the fall right into my carpet, and you really have to search for them, it takes some patience to load the "pens" which luckily my son has, There weren't even enough magnets to finish the pictures, and this was when I did it, but using my hand since the pen is dumb and spits like 5 out at a time, unless you can learn to push it with the tiniest amount of pressure, not easy. my son says he wants to return it for something cooler.
Bought this Penguin figure for my son who loves to the game 'Batman:Arkham City.'When his mom has to work her night job as a waitress/dancer at some 'exclusive gentlemen's club' called Bowmans involving scantly-clad women and farm animals on stage (that I am not to go into thanks to a restraining order) she leaves him with me. He likes to stay up all night playing video games, so I thought he might like an action figure from one of the games he enjoys.Besides, it keeps him occupied when I am not home on the nights it conflicts with the poker games with my buddies. He is almost six years old and handles himself pretty well.This looks like a good figure, but I never really took the time to look at it up close since I just left it with him while he was playing "Grand Theft Auto" as I was walking out the door the other night.When I came home the next day, my son had left for the day, but the figure and faint smell of smoke remained.My only real gripe with the figure as for the low rating is the one cigarette the figure comes with. It was clear that the play time value was significantly reduced with the lack of meaningful accessories.
I bought not one but two of these for my 5 year old Grandaughter for Christmas.  She watches the TV program and wanted these in the worse way.  They came, she opened them and they held her attention for about 5 minutes.  I have to say that these are rediculous.  BIG HUGE head that is constantly lopsided.  Arms & legs that feel & look like spiders and not allot of fun to play with. They give you a comb but hair that can't be combed a few hair accessories that can clip here and there and that's the end of that story.  They are not fun to groom - they are not cuddly to hold!  Within a month they were both up for sale on ebay!  Sorry, wouldn't recommend these!
With a MSRP of $45 dollars, this version of Optimus Prime is as pricey as it is ugly. A huge part of the truck remains untransformed in robot form and it looks really tacky. if Prime is laid down on his back, he's essentially in truck mode as he can roll around on his wheels. There so much extra ugly plastic in this robot form - far worse than some G1 or Go-Bot figures. He also has weird flaps at his hips on above his shoulders, which really makes this piece feel like the vehicle mode was the only thing the designers thought about it. The robot form really feels like an afterthought. Perhaps the weirdest part is that he essentially has a bra and panties set in an accidentally funny way similar to how you could transform G1 Galvatron to make him look...let's say happy to see you. Kids are probably reading this after all.Vehicle mode looks great though. It is a fantastic rig and the colours and chrome make it one of the best looking bey-verse versions of prime vehicle-wise. It's solid also that piece that just sits unloved on Prime's back in robot mode is pretty thin and unflexible so it will break in the hands of a careless or clumsy child.So terrible robot mode and a great vehicle mode would usually balance things out, but with the insane price tag on this Prime, I can't really recommend it. There are better AoE primes out there with my personal favorite being the G1 homage:  &#34;Evasion ModeOptimus Prime.&#34; It's half the cost and both modes look great. Get that instead.
Our young niece has been playing with this doll, and so far she seems to like it a lot.  Unfortunately, while the price of the doll itself is reasonable, the only diaper included with it is one that has a one-time use before needing replacement.  Effectively, if your child plays a lot with this doll then you're going to run into the same expenses for diapers as you would with a child.  Hasbro does sell packs of diapers for the doll, but that can get expensive quickly and the diapers aren't great (try newborn diapers instead).The other problem I have with this doll is that the &#34;boo boo&#34; looks more like a gaping hole in the doll's knee that would more likely require stitches and possible surgery rather than a band-aid.  I understand what they're going for, but the execution on that element is very poor.  There are a lot of great doll choices out there, and I'd recommend many before this one.
My daughters loved this toy for about two weeks. The furbling, as opposed to the furby, only makes cute little baby-like sounds. This is harmless, maybe a bit annoying, but fine. What I can't stand is the advertising for the furby. Don't make the mistake I did and download the furby app for your mobile device. If you don't have a furby, it hounds you relentlessly to buy one. None of the games work well without the furby, so your kids will be frustrated and ask you repeatedly to buy a furby. I personally don't like the furby - who likes a toy that goes poop in a virtual potty, making gross comments and sounds (with VISUALS) to go with it? Apparently many do, but I simply don't want one, and I don't appreciate being tortured for my decision to buy ONLY the furbling. You should be happy I bought something from you at all, furby corp. Thanks for making me regret it. I finally had to tell the kids we had to delete the app, since it brought them to frustrated tears every time - they couldn't find furbling's room, his prizes would disappear, they would be slammed repeatedly with ads for furby, games for furby, and reminders that their furbling doesn't do anything without a furby. They were actually a bit relieved once we did delete the app, and now that two weeks have gone by, they don't play with their furblings at all. Not worth the price.
Here is a doll that drinks and wets her diaper! But they only give you a single diaper, which is not reusable, so that fun ends pretty quickly. 30 minutes or so? My 3.5 yo daughter had fun with the bandaid thing on her knee which just rotates from a red &#34;boo boo&#34; to clear skin every time you open the bandaid up.  She was amused for a few minutes but then it was over. I just felt like it was more of a hassle to explain we couldn't feed the doll because we didn't have a diaper for it anymore that the benefits of her playing with it.  I would rate this higher if it came with more diapers, but what a joke to sell a baby that wets and then including a single, non-reusable diaper? What kid wants to do it just once?
During the eighties, my mom was in a local  MicJimsgland Theather Group unauthorized  stage production of "Cats" musical. Most of the time, I'd help her with her cat costume before and after the show, the labor intensive work involved her hair, make up,  the cleaning, light sewing (for any damages or tears) getting dressed and undressed.Through the years, she put on a considerable amount of weight. At one point, the director considered writing in Heathcliff or Garfield into the show for her to play the part of. Ultimately, it was determined that she was just too heavy when another set piece collapsed under her weight during the show and putting half the cast in the hospital.What was more horrific about that incident was that most of the cast under the fallen set piece did not break character. What I heard that night was the sound of twenty-plus liberal thespian wailing cats in pain.My mom was pretty upset by the abrupt dismal from the show despite her many admonitions from the director to lose weight.I thought that this figure would essentially cheer her up as a reminder of a time to something that was near and dear to her. To my surprise, it only made things worse. Despite her often generally perceived by the public as "gross (and) over weight," she still likes to wear the cat suit when we go grocery shopping.
I thought my girls would love this since they love perfume but it wasn't a hit. It comes with 5 different scented oils and various containers to hold your finished product in. It only has 2 rollerballs. Not that it mattered because everything we made smelled awful. The scents could have been more enticing and mixable such as a vanilla, berry or even daisy or another light floral. My daughters were instantly appalled by  the peppermint and the heliotrope. I was appalled by the greasy mess.
First let me say that my daughter age 10 is in love with Monster High. She was the one who introduced Monster High to her class and older family members. So when I saw this at Walmart I knew she had to have it for her Birthday. She was super excited when she saw it and immediately opened it.1st it only comes with 4 or 5 markers and she was done in 10 minutes or less and its only one side she can decorate.2nd Im on the hunt now for a better purse because it literally holds nothing. She tried to put her DSi and her little wallet in there and it wouldnt close. Her things kept falling out of it. Maybe for a young child with some Little People it might work or one MH doll can fit in there but the legs will be sticking out.3rd Its super cheap material, the straps are made out of like pleather. Garbage.I know she would love it because it was MH but I havent seen it in months and yesterday she told me that she wanted a new purse that can she can it her DSi, wallet and MP3 player in for Christmas. I could have saved my money and put it toward something a little more durable and bigger. Super disappointed in Mattel, Barbie Items are so awesome MH has a lot of catching up to do.P.S. Walmart has this item for $13. I wouldnt spend $20 for it on here if you still decide to buy it.
This truck is not worth getting.  Look at it at a store before buying online as it is hard to tell if you would like it.
Very flimsy and not that exciting.  If you have 2 or 3 year old who is gentle, they may enjoy this. 4 or 5 years olds will bore quickly and probably break it very quickly.  Save you money and wait until your kids are older for a slot car racing set.
TERRIBLE!!!!!! If I could give it 0 stars I would! I just got this in the mail and when I opened it I couldn't even take it apart. We had to use a screwdriver to take it apart. And the didn't even work. I suggest you don't buy this product.
I rarely do a negative review, but I really feel like this product is not up to par. First of all, the ages on this product say 4 years and up. What? Have the ever met a four year old? There is no way that the majority of four year olds can have the small motor development to use the tiny pieces that come with this toy set. There are several pieces who are literally small than the fingernail on my pinky finger. Not to mention, this microscopic pieces are going to be lost within seconds. I would say this toy is geared more towards older kids, at least 8 years old or older. I don't know how well the Barbie theme transfers to older girls, but maybe they are still into them at that age. I expected larger pieces that young kids could actually manipulate and ended up with microscopic toys that will either be eaten or lost within seconds.
Sorry to the seller, not his faultI have learned that the button batteries if ingested can burn holes in a child's esophagus.Anything in your home that a child could open or get in their mouth destroy!Ordered this inexpensive item and waited for it to come from overseas.Opened it and my heart sank.Tossing it - cannot give to a child.Comes with three button batteries and clear plastic cases to put on end of finger.Not fault of the seller.  - I have to err on the side of caution.
I got this for the girl I nanny for Christmas. It seemed really durable in the packaging, but when we got it out, I realized the box it is stored in has no picture on it and is a really cheap piece of particle board. The puzzle dividers don't stay in place. The puzzle itself has pieces that don't go together extremely well. It was played with for maybe 5 min. before it was discarded. I have learned my lesson and will stick to Melissa and Doug puzzles.
My daughter was really excited to get this Sofia amulet. She never really was that interested in using the cards to make it talk. She would rather just push the jewel and make it say random things. It is cute but we warned it is HUGE. The amulet part itself is 3 1/2 inches tall and almost 2 1/2 inches wide. So because of the size it is kind of bulky and awkward. I can maybe overlook the enormous size but the worst part about this necklace is the chain it comes on. The clasp was easy for my daughter to open and close herself, which was good. BUT once apart, the clasp pieces can fall right off of the chain. I didn't realize this or I would have hot glued them to the chain. By the time I figured out they could come off, one was already missing and we never found it so the chain is worthless now. I had been searching for a new chain that was easy for her to clasp and unclasp herself and also the right length (if I get one long enough that she can slip over her head, then it is too long and the huge amulet flops all over the place and doesn't look right). We ended up giving up on this amulet altogether and buying the light up Sofia necklace for $12.95 at the Disney store online. That amulet is awesome! I'd definitely go with that one. It is much better quality, extremely pretty, smaller in size, has floating glitter in it and lights up.
My son received the Transformers Construct-A-Bots Optimus Prime Vs. Megatron Construction Set for free because I am a member of BuzzAgent. Overall, I thought that the set was disappointing, and I would never pay retail for this set.Pros:Can be considered fun for older kids that like to build thingsGood way to spend quality time with your kids (unless you get frustrated and give up)Has separate storage bins for both setsCan use your mobile app to customize your botsCons:Hard to put togetherInstructions are confusingHard to convert back and forthFalls apart easilyOverpricedNot durableNon-firing missiles/cannons (I don't know why the Amazon ad says firing missiles unless we aren't smart enough to figure out how to do it).My son was very interested in the bots while my husband was attempting to put them together.  However, he has hardly played with them at all.
I bought this because it looked so fun for my child. It is in fact a fun toy for your child but be prepared to have to put it together over and over. The pieces snap together but not very well. Everytime my son leans over the track, the pieces snap apart with just a simple touch. I wish I had knew what a pain this track would be and I promise I would have never bought it. It is just not worth the countless frustration I get from putting it back together every single time my child plays with it. Awful!
My 5 year old daughter LOVES Sophia the First. We have all the shows recorded, which she watches daily. When she saw a commercial with this game, she was jumping up and down begging to have it for her birthday. She was so ecstatic when she saw it in our house.Unfortunately, her enthusiasm slowly died. We've played it once, and she hasn't asked to play it again.The game is rather convoluted and silly.1. You flip over a tile.2. You hide a charm or a friend behind one of the windows.3. Your kid spins a wheel, which tells her how many windows to look into4. If she opens a window with a charm behind it, she puts the charm on a bracelet5. The hider and the "princess" change roles. Repeat.6. Whoever has the most charms wins.Biggest complaints:1. Sophia isn't really part of this game.2. Sophia doesn't even have a charm bracelet--she wears an amulet who the evil sorcerer tries to steal repeatedly.3. LOTS of little pieces to lose.4. Doesn't teach any learning skills to a preschooler. She doesn't have to count spaces, remember where things are, etc.5. Boring.My daughter would rather play "Chutes and Ladders" or "Candy Land" or "Memory." My advice--stick with the classics--there is a reason they are still around.
The Fisher Price Disney's Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is visually appealing and will capture the attention of any toddler familiar with the Disney characters. The quality of the toy leaves a little to be desired though and does not take the targeted age group into consideration. The characters do not bend, do not fit well into components and the sturdiness is questionable. The unit  tips over easily and It appears the designers may have thought throwing on some ears and putting Mickey and Minnie in the box would make it sell. This is a far cry from Disney products of just a few years ago where Disney's high standards made a product worth the extra cost. I would not recommend for anything but a really bright colored toy to look at.
I took a chance on these since it was the cheapest I could find the plush minions. It took forever to get them (which I expected from the other reviews) but when I did get them the shipping bag was torn open in three different spots. Nothing looked to be damaged on the toys, which is quite surprising after looking at how they arrived.The minions are quite cheap but I know my kids will enjoy them anyways. If you don't mind them being cheap and waiting forever for them to arrive them go ahead and order. But I would recommend you pay  a little bit more and get different ones.
This is going to sound really mean, but the whole time my daughter and I were using this, we both kept saying &#34;this is stupid&#34; or &#34; this is really stupid.&#34;The spinner in the center of the station makes dradle shaped beads. You're supposed to put the beads on the spokes to dry. While trying to but the beads onto the spokes, you end up mushing the bead some, no matter how careful you are. Some of the clays are more foam like, while others (particularly neon green) are very sticky and gummy and hard to work with.The accessory pieces to make the pendants etc are very cheap/dollar store kids jewelry-like. I am not sure what girl over the age of maybe 6 or 7 would want to actually of the finished pieces of jewelry. I am thinking that may even be too old. The girl on the box is definitely way too old and I assure you that in real life, she would never wear any of these. You could probably make some beads that are wearable without the accessories and decorations, but then most of the kit is a waste.I hate to give such bad reviews, but this set is just bad. No matter what you do, the beads end up messed up in some way after you form them, due to the texture of the clay and how easy it is to mush.The glaze makes them look kinda neat, but again, still nothing a girl over 5 or 6 would wear. Very juvenile looking and cheap.I would recommend buying supplies separately at the craft store. You would have a great variety of great quality supplies that a girl would actually want to wear.
This product requires too much pressure, so much that I can barely draw anything on it myself. It worked so poorly that we ended up throwing it away after trying my different times to get it to work properly.
This is really a pathetic Transformer toy.  In the description, it has the same dimensions as the Voyager Class Predaking Figure.  When the item came, I was shocked that it was the size of 3 fingers.  Very disappointed with this product and will never buy anything from this seller again.
So the idea of The Joker building a giant robot, with giant fists that 'grab' your favorite superheroes is pretty cool, and the toy looks cool.  The colors are vibrant and fun, and the robot design looks neat, especially the fists (not so much the little chicken legs).  The actual execution doesn't really work very well, though.  The idea is to squeeze the robots legs together and his fists slam down over the heroes.  There are little silicone tabs inside the fists that grip onto the heroes, and then releasing the legs causes the robot to lift the heroes up into the air.It just doesn't work that well.For the toy to 'work', the heroes should be standing up, then the robot stands near them, and you squeeze THE LEGS IT IS STANDING ON for the arms to move.  Its awkward and difficult to keep everything in sync for a cool, quick capture.  Usually you'll just snag their head and shoulders, or you'll knock them over.  Plus, the robot is super top heavy and you have the added momentum of these big, heavy fists swing around.  It just doesn't really work.And why doesn't it come with a Joker figure?  A robot can't catch Superman.  It should come with Batman, Joker and Robin or another hero.  There is a little stand on the back of the robot for a Joker figure to stand on, and controls to hang on.  He's even pictured on the box.  Weird.EDITI do like the 'HA HA' tread on the soles of the robot feet. Nice touch.  AND when the arms are in the 'down' position, they can swivel from the sides to the front, offering two poses/attacks.  Another nice feature.  Also, why does Superman look like Nero from the new Star Trek film series?
This toy does not encourage imagination, it does not do much and doesn't REALLY transform.  It was a waste of money for my 4 & 6 yr old.  They like the come complicated Transformers with lots of little parts that move.
It looks very nice, but the lightsaber and headress comes off when moving the figure.  The robe is pretty flimsy and will tear easily.  But, again, the face looks great.  The printing was very good.
This is too small. I don't know whose idea this was but 5&#34; is too small for most children. I would not recommend this.
I was pretty disappointed in this toy. It wasn't very well made (lots of glue drops and paint drips and splotches) and it isn't particularly appealing to my daughter. I was really excited for her to have this toy but it has turned out to be a waste of money. I was glad that it didn't have batteries, but I would have expected something to engage her besides the waggling tail which she can't get to work. I wish the head would stay up so she could more easily pull it because it basically just topples over unless you can keep the head up and pull (not possible yet for a 6 month- 1 year old). We have had this toy for about 6 months and it's always at the bottom of the toy bin. Even older kids who have come over to play will grab it, play with it for about 30 seconds, and move on. Disappointing.
This toy is junk, Do not buy this toy.  It broke on the initial use and I bought two of them.  The second one broke on initial use as well in the bath tub.  Good idea for a toy, but ours was junk.
My kids are huge fans of K'NEX in general, and we own quite a few of the K'NEX educational sets.  We were so excited to open the high quality K'NEX green box which is perfect for storing not only the parts, but even has extra room for storing partially constructed creations.The set itself comes with not only the regular K'NEX you need, but also specialty parts such as a solar panel, a motor, and a capacitor.  The first thing we noticed is that there are not a lot of projects in the manual. Many of the pages are translations of instructions for the solar cell.  Then there are instructions to build a solar car, a crank man, and a shuttle ride.  That's right - just 3 projects in the book.  Granted there is a teacher's guide online, but I would have hoped the set would have come with more than 3 projects.My daughter built the solar car and proceeded to ask me why it didn't work.  She held it up to the light in her bedroom, we tried a bright flashlight, she took it outside, etc.  Nothing worked.  I finally removed the solar panel and motor and held it directly up to a bright halogen desklight.  It proceeded to weakly advance forward.  I don't know if the solar panel is defective or not, but it just doesn't work in my set.There is also a capacitor, presumably for storing charge, but no directions in any of the projects as to where and how to use it.  They just assume you will know.We love K'NEX and this educational series is normally so good, but we were let down by this set.  My daughter, noticing how little energy was generated from solar, grabbed the motor from another K'NEX set and powered her car with batteries.  She then asked me, &#34;Is this why we don't use more solar power today?&#34;  Wow... maybe a little too educational?2 stars.  I love K'NEX but this set was a miss for us.
Horrible console..... full of bugs and bad games.get a different console, with full 1080p for call of duty ghosts instead.m$ is not a video game maker, they just want a piece of the profit pie.personal view only. if you disagree, then you are not an experienced gamer.read my other cool reviews!
Super cute doll but so many little malfunctions right out of the box. My girls found it very annoying that it wasn't working the way it should and kept acting up. I had bought this exact doll in stores after ordering this one and both dolls and their pieces have malfunctions. So it wasn't just the doll I got from amazon. Really a bummer for the price these are they act like they are made in a cheap factory with no quality control. But they don't appear that way, they are solid built so it doesn't make any sense.
it is ridiculous they would make R2-D2, of all characters!Come on, this is 2013. R2-D2 comes from the 80s!how much fun is this toy: 1/5 - minimal moving parts and features, almost a paperweight.educational value: 1/5  Are you kidding??how durable is this toy: 1/5  Tiny parts that get lost and bent easilyoveral rating: 1/5 . doesnt take a genius to figure that out
Facts without judgement:* The toy is smaller than I expected.* My grandson is 7. He understood the toy almost immediately.* I cannot speak to durability as grandboy has shown absolutely no interest in this toy since the initial introduction to it. It may last forever if no one wants to actually play with it.Cons:* It is fun for about 5 minutes... if that. My grandson is 7. He understood the toy almost immediately. He and his dad charged it up about 3 times. It ran around crazily for a little bit (a VERY little bit = less than 30 seconds) and they laughed the first couple of times. Then they both lost interest.* For some reason none of the adults could figure out, it uses energy to spin its wheels while charging. This seems counter-productive and wasteful of battery power.* There is no educational value I can identify (and I mention this only because the ranking feature asks about educational value.)Pros:* It charges quickly... albeit, not quickly enough since the "action" lasts less than 30 seconds.Bottom line:Not recommended.
I took the Boom Boom Balloon game to a birthday party to see how the youngsters would like it. It certainly seems harmless enough.Unfortunately, it reminded one of the young ladies at the party of a halo brace that her brother had to wear for several months after breaking bones in his neck in an automobile accident. She started crying when the sticks were inserted and it took quite a while for her to settle down.It seems that it was a horrible accident and her brother had to spend several weeks in a hospital to recover and he still has scars from the screws that went into his skull as well as problems walking normally.
I assumed it would come with arrows based on the picture and the description of coming with 4 arrow crisps. Not sure what arrow crisps are, I'm guessing it's the clips to hold the arrows. There are only 2 of those. The bullseye itself is larger than I expected and somewhat heavy duty so that's good.
I bought this for my year old son. I thought he would love playing with this in the bath. Nope!  The cars are more fun than the boat
Sigh. This is a racetrack. For cars. With a Tyrannosaurus Rex built in. With that kind of ingredient list you would think the result would = awesome, but it ends up looking like this:Racetrack + Cars + Dinosaur = JunkWhile a good idea, this toy just does not work and won't last you long. Here are a few problems we've noticed in the week we've had it.* One flap already broke off, just by opening and closing cage* Cage action doesn't work well. Kids have trouble opening by themselves. You can 'lock' it in once open, but doesn't really work.* Confusing to figure out all that it does. I still can't figure out how to make it do what the kids want half the time.* Folds up unexpectedly . . . every other time someone touches it.My boys like it, but mainly because it has a dinosaur on it. You will be better off getting the benefit of a dinosaur toy by picking up a stuffed or rubber dinosaurs like these:12 - Assorted Medium Sized Plastic Toy Dinosaurs Play set figures.. You will also save $25 . . . .Too expensive and too cheap - not a good combination. Not recommended.
I ordered this set of eggs for my grandchild to go with a Christmas stove/refrigerator set. I thought having the yolks in the eggs would be very realistic. Unfortunately the yolk is a very small round ball that comes out of the egg - choking hazard. The eggs are pretty small and the carton is cardboard so it definitely wouldn't hold up to the handling of a two year old. I opened the package and immediately returned it. Christmas at our house included a 12 month old and a two year old. We couldn't take a chance on one of them putting the yolk ball in their mouth. Pretend food will sometimes go in the mouth of even an older child so not sure what age this toy would work with.
A big mess.I can't even &#34;draw&#34; with a glue gun, why should I expect my child to be able to do it with any precision, especially with play-doh that doesn't dry.This concept is just bizarre. You decorate with play-doh. I thought maybe it was something different, that will dry and become decorative.Nope. Dries just like play-doh.She enjoyed playing with it, but became frustrated as it fell off, or didn't dry. Then the frame kept falling. It wouldn't stand up well. Something different - A for effort, just failed on delivery.
This was not worth the $19.99 I was charged for it!  Could have bought at Target for $12!  Bought as a birthday present for my 9 year old, and he put it together in less than 20 minutes.  What a waste of money!  Oh and lets not forget the fact that it was supposed to arrive by a certain date and wasn't even SHIPPED by the arrive by date.  I had to contact the seller and complain and have it expedited to arrive in time for my son's birthday...
You may like this if two conditions both apply: you are a Perler Beads fan, and you own an iPad.  If one of them doesn't apply, this is not for you.  I've discovered that you don't really need an ipaid to use this kit, but having the iPaid and the app (which was a bit difficult to find so I had to search for help online) does increase the fun factor. The major problem for my kids is the beads are too small to handle easily.  Also you use up the included beads very quickly, and when you make a mistake it's tedious to correct it.  Again, if you like this line of toys already and if you have patience, you can create really cool PB designs. Unfortunately, my kids didn't like this &#34;I-pegboard&#34;.
We gave this toy to my 2-year-old granddaughter, even though we felt it might not engage her.  We were wrong.  Because it was new and colorful, she was immediately interested.  She liked and recognized the stylized lion, but didn't know how the toy worked, so we demonstrated.She loaded the balls, pulled the tail, and initially liked watching the balls being propelled across the room.  We retrieved them for her, and she repeated the process a few times -- maybe five -- but then went on to other toys.  This is what I expected.  Though she didn't say it, she was likely thinking "Is that all there is to this?"All kids outgrow toys.  That's inevitable, but it would be nice to know that when you buy one, the child will enjoy it for a reasonable period of time.  From the experience with my granddaughter, I'd say that the toy is best suited for a one-year old.  At the age of two, kids tend to look for more complex toys.  This one is cute, but doesn't offer enough of a challenge.
My 8 year old son used his birthday money to buy this.  He was so excited after seeing the commercials on tv.  After setting it up, and using the wall climbing action 3 times, the mechanism that moves Spiderman up the wall stopped moving.  It makes all the sounds like it is moving, but I think it is stuck inside.  I tried changing the batteries and taking the bottom off but was still unable to get in to where the mechanism is located.  So, a huge disappointment for Spiderman's best buddy.  Still, after throwing a fit and calling this toy a complete rip off, my son was able to calm down and get back to playing with the set.  The lizard pops out of a window and knocks Spidey off the ledge and it makes all kinds of sounds with lights and stuff, so he is enjoying that part of the set.
I bought this for my children at the thought that it would be cool to have dry erase crayons. I thought wrong i like the board itself but the crayons are hard to simply wipe off the board my children became easily frustrated with this product.
I should start by stating that I was given this system for free by BzzAgent.I set it up for my 3.5 year old son to play with and it was not a hit.  I've played every gaming console out there since Atari and it doesn't compare in terms of fun, graphics, controls, etc...  I give it 2 stars instead of 1 since my son likes how Optimus Prime disappears when he pushes the button on top.Console:  Plastic, and looks like picture but there is a permanently connected a/v cable to it.  This is not a device I want plugged in next to my tv for long periods of time.  Also, I have no desire to periodically swap out other devices in back of tv.Controller:  Wireless which is nice, but doesn't respond consistently.  Also the buttons are sticky and leaves a lot to be desired.Gameplay and graphics:  Not fun.  Sometimes graphics are jumpy (glitchy looking).  Held my son's interest for a few minutes.  I think this is a tough category since the bar has been set high (for a lot of kids) with all the tablets, phones, movies, shows, other gaming systems out there.Overall, I wouldn't recommend buying this, and I'm surprised by the high reviews.
I ordered this mini fig for my son for Easter. He opened it this morning and the pancho was missing.  I paid $7.20 for this guy and am pretty disappointed that not all the prices were there
I do not like writing bad reviews but am very happy I did not spend any money for this item.  The little micro car will not go down the track and constantly gets stuck and the track will not stay together not even after 1 day of my grandson playing with this.  Sorry but is a total waste and very cheaply made.
I'm so sick of buying all these cheap plastic toys that they advertise on Nic Jr. This one is no exception. It's just so unbelievably lame. It works and all (sometimes anyway), but it really is just boring and flimsy and L A M E. Just buy the planes, that's all my sons likes about it.
Another kit ordered and again like previous purchase, important parts were missing to complete the kit.  Every kit I've ordered from Lego has been missing parts and I've ordered over 6 kits.  Very disappointed!
Let me start with a positive. I like the feel of Morphix better than Play-Dough. It has this neat gritty texture. It feels like a foam more than a dough. It will be damaging to the surfaces of your tables. So, as a stand along toy, the Morphix is a lot of fun.I was a little confused about how to use this play set. When the compound was still wet, it was hard to get out of the molds. Impossible, really. So if you want to create the pieces, you have to let the Morphix completely dry in the molds. (And even then, they are not so easy to remove.) So now, you have dry Morphix that can't be remolded and is eternally stuck in these molded shapes. Hard dry blocks that are not nearly as good as Legos. That's what you've got.
My son likes this toy, but I HATE IT!  Its so hard to figure out how to use it, and when you do, it makes a huge mess.  We set it up, used it for a day and then promptly hid it so that he wouldn't want to use it again.
My son has the Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Fast-Flip Carry Case which goes with this and he loves it. This item, however, is not the best race track to get.First, it's a bear to put together. Many different parts and stickers that don't really fit where they are supposed to go, make this at least an hour project for the parent. Maybe more if you aren't good at matching up the diagrams with the instruction sheet, which is not an easy task. I'm not usually one who gets tripped up by instruction sheets, but there are a couple of items that look very similar and are easy to confuse on this one. Also, one of the attachments was so hard to click together right, I spent 15 minutes, just on that one thing.When the track was finally together, we tried it out, but it didn't work exactly right. The cars tend to jam in the pump-action booster and by the third try, I was ready to give up. My son was eager to play, though, so he worked with it for about 20 more turns before the track actually "flipped" like it's supposed to. The track flip was pretty cool, but it doesn't work all the way. The round part of the track flips, but the arm that extends down to the booster only turns half way because it is too big to make a full circle without hitting the ground. For that arm to work, you would have to have two steady surfaces on other end of the track with nothing under that one arm so it could turn full circle. We tried that, but it still had trouble turning all the way around.You get one Lightning McQueen car for this track and the track only works with two cars. Thankfully, my son had another car to use with it. Basically, the first car goes and sets off a lever, then when the second car goes, the track will flip. Without the second car, no flippage.Another problem with this track is that when the cars are "let go" into the booster, they tend to flip over or go sideways, getting stuck in the booster. My son could not figure out how to get them out, so I was fishing them out about every ten minutes. At one point, the booster jammed (after about an hour of play) and we thought it was broke forever. There were no cars inside or jamming the system... after about 30 mins, it miraculously wasn't jammed anymore. After that first jam, it jams every once in awhile... probably about 3 times a day.A safety hazard is needed for anyone sitting next to the track. About every 3rd car will go flying off the track and land across the room. My son loves this, but if he were playing with another kid, he would be black and blue by now.All this said, my son still loves playing with it, because it is cars and because he gets to flip cars across the room, but it does not operate as stated.
This toy is fun for a few minutes. The only way to get the microphone to work is to put your mouth right over it. The. It's just repetitive and boring.
We bought these but when we received them, we had to return them as the quality was so low the bands broke easily.  Our recommendation is to buy from another seller here who has a better rating on their bands.
This is fun at first, but it gets boring after a while.Movement of the car is very fast and totally chaotic - you are not steering the car, but it will change direction after bumping into an obstacle (e.g. the outer fence of the course). It also will flip out of the course occasionally, which can get kind of frustrating if that happens a few times in a row. The stunts that the car performs are spectacular, but are really limited to flipping over in midair - once you have seen it a few times, it looses its novelty quickly.The whole toy is made of plastic and especially the fence has a flimsy feeling to it. This was obviously not designed with durability as one of the top goals.But what really infuriates me is the power supply - the car has a rechargeable battery, which you clip into the pistol-grip trigger device, which then loads the rechargeable battery of the car using its own AA batteries in the grip. Since one charge only holds for a few minutes, you are draining the AA batteries in the grip at a very fast rate - replacing them will be expensive after a while. And if you use rechargeables for the grip, too, you have to have at least a couple of sets available,  because it takes some time to recharge the rechargeables ...All in all, this playset is fun for a short while and leads to frustration in the long run.
A beloved relative bought this for my little girl for her birthday after buying her the Little Mermaid coach for Christmas, which she loved. Unfortunately, she didn't like this one as much. It comes with two figurines and a vehicle, just like the Little Mermaid one, but it only plays one sound. The Little Mermaid one played 3 sounds. Now, my daughter hasn't seen Aladdin yet, but she has seen Little Mermaid so that might have something to do with why she doesn't like this one as much. She does like to carry the figures around. She calls them Little Boy and Little Girl. She has other Little People toys she plays with, so she can use the people with those toys. But she never plays with the carpet.
I was pretty excited to get this for Christmas but did not have time to put it together till last night.  The pieces are not tight fit and easily breaks apart.  But what was more disappointing was that there were missing pieces.  I tried to look up if I could get the missing pieces from Hasbro but they did not have the form for this set.Wish it was better made and had the complete pieces.
What an abomination this game makes of the classic game.  The board is reflected by the absurdly drawn tarts (if only they were just candy tarts!) on the cover of the game.  Seriously?  Platform heels, mini-skirts, and fishnets on a game for TODDLERS?  JonBenet is rolling over in her grave.  Not only is this game sexed-up completely inappropriately, the game itself is not the original:  it has a spinner instead of the cards, and the board image itself is so absurdly busy, it offends the eyes, and makes it hard to follow or enjoy (not that there's anything to enjoy on the board).  I went and bought a vintage 1978 version, it's the last version that doesn't include silly "characters" on the board -- it has just the tasty pictures of candy, like it should!  Still remember playing it as a kid and wishing I could dive into Molasses Lake, etc.
I bought this because it was highly rated, but was disappointed in it.  It seems difficult to get to balance correctly and awkward to use.  Our grandchildren haven't really shown much interest in playing it.
This is fine for a stationary mask, pretty high quality for that purpose, but to get the mouth and eye to move is impossible.  Even my husband and I tried it and you really have to push with your chin to get it to move and it barely moves at all and will give your jaw a serious ache lol.  BUT my son has fun wearing it around and &#34;scaring&#34; everyone with it nonetheless even if it doesn't do what it is supposed to.  So I rated it low because it doesn't function as stated.
We purchased these as a birthday gift for our 2 year old. I opened the packaging, removed the toys, and handed them to my son. In the first 5 minutes he dropped Skipper (not unusual for a child to do with their toys) and one of the propellers broke off. I have no doubt that the others will break soon, they are very light weight plastic, seem really cheep! I would not recommend these if you want to play with them, they would be ok as cake toppers for a party.
So maybe I just prefer the older version.  Yes and that is because this version is creepy and rude.  Now my older Furby did have some difficulty with manners but this Furby takes it even further.  He even throws up if you feed him too much.  Then when he gets mad flames enter his eyes as he mumbles out some strange curse that will hex you.  So you think as it takes this guy forever to finally shut up and go back to sleep.
Stuffy is very cute, but over priced. I wouldn't have spent the money but grandma is over indulgent! He isn't played with much!
Assembly was no problem - but I have four and six year old kids, so I've done my share of assembling various toys over the years. The whole design seems not to be very sturdy, and I expect it to last not very long, if my kids would play with it extensively. Which they will not. As described by other reviewers, the stunts do not work reliably, the design is for two cars but there is only one car delivered with the package, and it does not work on carpet. The car would not run very fast, even when Daddy cranked it up to the maximum, and some times it would just get stuck due to lack of momentum. It was more frustration than fun to play with this toy, and it did not help at all that the Cars logo was attached to it - my kids expected more from one their most cherished Disney franchises.
I have 2 My Little Pony super fans and no one plays with this set.Her wings fall off all the time and the whole concept is just not cute.And please note as I did not most of these 3 or four sets do not come with a pony.She may be the only one that does.
This is a cute little jacket, but the shirt under it is basically a cropped tank top. It is really short and sleeveless, so it's pretty worthless. This set also comes with a (pretend) bandage and otoscope (really wish it came with the stethoscope instead!) as well as a headband. The headband is so narrow and rigid that I don't know how any child or other human could possibly wear it. Our daughter is very tiny for her age (4), and even she is too big for the shirt and the headband squeezes her head so much that she cries when she tries to put it on (so we have taken it away).So, while this is a really cute set, we are not 100% happy with it. There are so many other Doc Mcstuffins sets out there, would maybe shop around a bit more for a better price and/ or set. And the others are right, it is SO much cheaper at Tar-jey...
The quadrocopter comes in a nice little box which is great for travel. I got this becuase I wanted something fun to do inside when it is too windy. The first 3 flights were great. It was very fast and extremely stable which i loved about it. But the next few flight were not so good. It started to go backwards during hover and a little to the right. So a little trim fixed the problem. But It was getting steadily worse to where I had no more trim to get it to hover. It eventually was not able to be flown. So I changed out all the blades and rebound it to my transmitter. That worked at first but then it did the same thing. And after about another 5 flight of getting it to hover, it just wouldn't get off the ground at all. So I had to return it.************UPDATE  8-22-13************I just recently purchased the nano qx again. The first few flights it was great, but it took a long time for to self level itself. But I could live with that. But after about my 5 th flight, I saw a huge decrees in powerful. So I went to the manual and did everything that it's told me to do. But that didn't help. So I had to return it for the second time. I would definitely not recommend this product as it is very unreliable and I have had all sorts of problems with it. Blade should do some more work on it. You should try to stay away from this product.
I love Vtech!When I bought this I was so excited to get it as a great deal!I got it for my son for Christmas because he already had the Garage and a few of the cars so this was great to add to his collectionWhat is good about the product is the fact that you can buy these play sets and they all can interlock together making a giant set.BUT I CAN NOT figure out what is wrong with this! We have had it a few months now and have tried all sorts of configurations and the ways the booklet says it can all fit together to no avail.My only guess is that its missing a piece?oh well..he still loves it..
My 4yr old son loves his Thomas & Friends trains, but this lil' tote w/track often frustrates him; only able to put a handful of trains in tote, the track is absolute worthless and as it requires the tote to be in an upright position, it doesn't stay in an upright position.  He has now opted to carry twice as many train/cars in his metal lunchbox. Lol
When I first opened it it was on stability mode and just went inverted. I called Blade and they said you have the wrong rotors witch is almost impossible to tell because they all look the same and they should just come with the right rotors. then its very difficult to trim like my other blade. I watched blade's tips and trick video and did what they said was the flip instructions. I did and it just went inverted and stayed that way with rotors on it was 5 feet of the ground it crashed and the cock pit fractured and nearly split. I changed it and decided to stay in stability mode, and was more gentle with it.It's prop guards seemed non existing because as soon as the thing hit the wall it falls and a few times later it falls off. I hope this review was helpful and if you are looking for a standard beginner helicopter i recommend either syma s107g or s107c. I have c my friend has g the only difference is the c has a camera . I love the both the g white version only cost me 15 dollars and they are both easy to fly and fun helicopters so easy the box says 14 and up i was twelve when I got it the trimming is amazingly easy and I even tought a 9 year old to fly it 2 and half hours granted it had to charge for an hour every 10 minutes or soTHANK YOU FOR READING
We ordered these as a "step-up" from Little bits. They are way overpriced and the magnets don't hold well. Stick with Little bits which is a much better product and much lower priced. Check out the price on one little componet for these if you ever plan to add on to your set! We returned this for a refund. My 13 year old daughter is a whiz with k'nex and little bits but these were not fun. I struggled to justify the purchase and tried to make something with these but eventually gave up. I was cutting paper and pulling out legos but nothing seemed to help.
We just discovered this NEW version of the Tote-a-Train Playbox (item #Y3781, versus the first version which was item #R9114... Amazon has them both, and BOTH have summer 2013 Fisher-Price MSRPs of $16.)  THIS playbox has the same 5 levels of storage shelves as the first model, but DOESN'T include the dividers on the bottom 4 shelves!  It ALSO doesn't have the designing and the stop gate in the middle of the oval track on the part that flips down as the first one has... just a plain oval track!  It is beyond us why F-P did this... we've noticed them cutting corners on other items over the past year, but please, please, please --- don't order this one by mistake!Update:  There are 17 playsets in the TnP line as of summer 2013 that have MSRP's of under $25 - they are (in order of introduction):  the ORIGINAL version of the Tote-a-Train Playbox, Colin at the Wharf, Thomas at the Farm, Percy's Mail Delivery, Tidmouth Tunnel, Toby at Trotter's Farm, Sir Handel at Great Waterton, Sodor Engine Wash, Talking Diesel's Fuel & Freight Delivery, Sodor Paint Shop, Around the Rails with Thomas, Muddy Adventure, Go Go Speedy Railway, Sodor Lumber Company, Treasure Tracks, this NEW version of the Tote-a-Train Playbox, and Brendam Docks.  The beauty of these TnP playsets is that our grandson can choose one to easily disconnect from the others, fold up and take with us on excursions.  They're definitely the simplest to "TAKE N PLAY" with!Grandpa and I started collecting Take-n-Play for our first grandson the year it came out (2010), when he was about 2 1/2.  At the time, it was a high quality line of trains, vehicles and playsets that we felt would be durable enough for him to pass along to his own kids some day, and has provided countless hours of enjoyable interaction between us.  We love watching him exercise his imagination and creativity as he comes up with new scenarios and adventures!  He turned 5 a few months ago and still looks forward to visiting his Sodor land of make believe in our basement; his little brother is now 16 months old and it won't be long before he's playing with them too.  Hopefully when Grandpa and I are no longer around one day, their early memories of playtime with us will be as warm as ours already are, and they'll be able to share more special memories with the next generation!  Unfortunately, the line in general has gone downhill over the past year, so this will be the last year of the collection.  At least our younger grandchild will have the first few years of the collection to play with, before Fisher-Price started cutting corners.
I bought the first set of these and they didn't work!  Amazon as usual was instantly responsive to take them back.  I ordered another set for my grand daughter and they didn't work either, just as others have said (but I didn't listen).  My daughter in law called Mattel and their customer service said that the base unit must be bad since all voices are the same!  They said they have NO SPARES to replace faulty components so just send everything back to them and they will give her a voucher for other Mattel products.  She has a lot of the components including the castle.  Unfortunately, the grand daughter has fallen in love with the figures and doesn't care that extra money was spent for Chinese technology (an oxymoron) that doesn't WORK!So my warning is to not buy unless you want to spend extra for the Chinese kid earning a bowl of rice to screw up the electronics in this piece of crap.
A family member sent a Wal-Mart gift card for our 3 year old, and he picked this out.Okay, i influenced the choice. It looked pretty cool.I openly admit my engineering skills are horrible, so yeah, it took me awhile to put together. That aside, everyone is right- the stickers? Just put them on when done. It's fine.The directions are awful at explaining how to actually play with the thing, but we mostly have it down.1) Place the car in the starting position. No, not like that? Like that... Wait, nope. Okay, I think we have it now.2) Wind up the winder thing until it stops winding. Oops. Waited too long to push the red button. Try again.3) Figure out optimal winding speed, push button, and watch in amazement as the car makes figure 8's.. After you move the winner's circle thing out of the way. Again. Become sidetracked wondering why the clear barrier won't stay down until the car gets inside.4) Grow bored of bottom track and try upper track.5) Pretend that the car is supposed to never make it all the way around. Shout, &#34;Yaaaayyyyyy!!! You did it!!!&#34; and hopefully convince the toddler that this is supposed to happen.6) Grab a beer and slowly back away from that $30 pile of plastic on the (uncarpeted) floor. Retain packaging for possible consignment?Save your cash. You paid $25 for the car and $5 for the track. I think when Santa drops off the BluTrack in a few days, we might have a winning combo with the launcher?
The leg came off the day she got this doll and I couldn't get it to go back on.  I ended up having to gorilla glue the dang thing on. So now only one leg moves.  :(  I get that sometimes the gets get popped off with rough play, but why not make them so that they can be put back on?  ( she wasn't playing with it roughly though!)
My four year old would have been heart broken if Santa didn't bring the furby he asked for and described in detail...but I know of a number of toys at the same price point that would have offered much more play value. Once the novelty wore off he barely touched the thing. The batteries went dead and we didn't even change them for a few months. When we finally did, again, it was a one day novelty thing and then a boring furry piece of plastic once more. Occassionally he'll have it dance while he plays pre-recorded songs on the keyboard, but that's about the extent of their interaction.The thing eats batteries.  Also, when its mood changes to the angry/grouchy/evil furby, my son is actually scared of it and won't touch it until I get it to change back. (By rubbing its head repeatedly for 10+ minutes). Wish I could have convinced him to ask santa for something else.
This was cute, but not worth what I paid for it. I would not buy it again unless it was at a lower price.
My son loves pirates, so I thought this would be a fun game for our family.  The ship looks neat and the penguin pirates are cute, but the game is impossible for my family to play.  The ship is so extremely tippy that we struggled to get more than 2 pirates on the ship at one time.  The point of the game is to learn the strategy of balance, but I think Jenga does that better.  My kids gave up after about 10 attempts, so I tried and quickly realized that this game is poorly designed.  There is so little balance in the ship to begin.  I'd definitely pass on this game.
I have never been wild about board games or party games designed on an electronic game, and although this one is cute, I have to say it falls well short of the online "Draw Something". For one thing, it needs a stand - some sort of base to stand the thing upright. It is awkward to draw on it so someone can see the reverse side. But I am getting ahead of myself. Designed to look like a large flat pencil with a window in its middle, the game lights up when turned on and has a timer alarm that is charming. It comes with a deck of cards as well, although they do not fit easily into the holder on the game device nor withdraw easily from that holder. You draw on the window with a stylus a picture of one of the objects named on a card you drew and others guess what you are drawing from the artwork and the random letters displayed on the back of the card. It is sort of like, dare I say, "Pictionary"? Except you do it on this neat green screen with a stylus. You achieve points dependent on the difficulty of the word selected and whether or not it is guessed successfully. The texture of the drawing surface is nice to draw on and that would be enough without adding the game dimension, because the game aspect doesn't seem well thought out.The words on the cards are just a little obscure, and, although the game is touted to be for ages 8 and above, some of the words will be way past an eight-year-old. For instance, how many kids of that age know what a Rolls Royce looks like? Or who in the heck is Psy, Radiohead, Judge Judy, Jay Leno, or Little Wayne? How many eight-year-olds watch Downton Abbey? As a family, it is no fun to play something that Mom and Dad have to explain to the kids, and for the kids, trying to draw something when you have no idea what it is can only be a source of frustration.  We tested the game on lunch hour at the office and found even adults had a hard time figuring out what to draw for many of the clues.The game is cute, the drawing surface really cool, but a bit of a disappointment otherwise. To me, the true worth of the online game is that you try to draw something your opponent can guess and win points if you are successful in drawing something your opponent recognizes and your opponent gets points for guessing correctly. Its charm to me is that it is a win-win scenario with cooperation between artist and guesser. This game doesn't achieve that interesting format
Bought this Michael Keaton Batman action figure for my grandson's third birthday.My grandson loves his tub time with his toys. Often times, we will just leave him by himself for hours in the tub. He was pretty excited to take Batman into the tub, but cape rotted off sitting in the bathtub the first week.The second week he lost it in the kitty litter/sandbox in the backyard. No one was in the back yard with him when it happened. We were never quite sure what happened to it for about a week. It was not until the third week that either the rain or one of the the dogs had brought it back into the house.During the fourth week my loving life partner Steve and I brought my grandson to the "Jumpin For Jesus" rainbow pride revival. After one of the standing up, jumping, dancing and finally sitting numbers, Steve sat right on the Batman figure. The figure broke into several pieces immediately. Now, I know Steve is a bit on the heavy side for black man (he has to pay for two seats when he travels on public transportation) but the figure should of been protected my the sheer size of his tender full back side.They simply do not make toys like they used to.I recommend getting a Kenner Toys  movie Keaton Batman figure if you want something durable.
The artwork on this game is ridiculously inappropriate. I already struggle with my 4 yr old wanting to dress like  her 15yr old half sister, What the heck was Hasbro thinking??? Not to mention it is totally geared towards girls and gives the impression girls should have twigs for waists and legs??? The lollipop boobs really are over the top inappropriate.
I am a lifelong Star Trek fan - one who knows the difference between a Trekker and a Trekkie. My son loves the new movies, but is a Star Wars fan. I had hoped that with the purchase of this set, he'd see the value of Star Trek and leave that pagan rot from George Lucas alone.It was a Christmas gift of hope.As I sit here, he is weeping uncontrollably in the corner. I have voided bowels. We are both sick and ashamed of this set. The saucer section simply will not stay together. There is nothing, nothing we can do. It looks like the Enterprise was used as the ship in a real life Kobayashi Maru or had finally subcumbed to an over abundance of lens flair that had warped all of the pieces. Specifically, the round pieces simply will not not hold. The center will not hold! There is not amount of force or pressure we can apply. I am no miracle worker. I am simply a Dad.My 9-year-old son has other Kre-O sets that he assures me are suitable, but as he says, &#34;Dad, this Christmas gift sucks and because this gift, I hate you forever.&#34; He has informed me that Kre-O sets are known for simply being &#34;knock-off Legos,&#34; much as he says my love is but a knock-off to him.Christmas is not ruined because of this gift. My hope for my son's love of Star Trek is. My faith in Kre-O is. My hope for a healing between my son and I is laid waste like Rome before the Arianist barbarian hordes. He will go his way now, forever into Star Wars. I will sit at the city gates and pine for his return, but I know it is futile.Thanks, Kre-O, for you have driven a wedge between my son and I by your awful set.
I do not like these and can't understand how these tall structures in the pictures are made without help of glue and tape.  They absolutely will not hold together for me, much less for my child.  Very cheap looking tiles.  Cheap box.  I suggest any other kind of building toy over this - Lego, wooden block, Knex, Magformer, Lincoln Log, anything.  The magnets are so weak, they offer no help in holding these thin plastic tiles together.  I agree with a reviewer that something is fishy with all the positive reviews.  I noticed there used to be a couple on here that have been deleted.  The promise of a free book for a good review leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Maybe I got a defective unit, but the car is impossible to control. It has a mind of its own and spins around randomly. It doesn't go straight and makes random turns and switches directions. Pulling the trigger back or pushing it forward had no effect. It just does what it wants.The worst thing about the trigger is that it uses regular AA batteries to charge the special battery for the car, instead of using a wall charger. Who thought of this? It's a waste of money. Putting the track together was very time-consuming to get all the pieces lined up and snapped in. It definitely requires adult assistance.I helped put this together and played with it with a 10 year old boy and his adult cousin (22). Both of them were confused by this product and the WTF behavior of the car. We also noticed skid marks on the arena flooring. After about 10 minutes of use, the bottom of the rear tires got all chewed up and fuzzy like the end of an eraser. The car frequently flies out of the arena.Not fun. Do not buy.
My daughter was so excited to get these, but they smell so bad I almost wouldn't let her use them. Eventually I gave in and she uses them, but we have to keep them aired out!
Not worth the money.  As soon as my 8 year old was done with this, it went in the trash.  Poor quality, messy and regular markers work way better.
We ordered this for our son, who loves Jake and the never land pirates, and music. However, it's broken. We haven't even removed it completely from the package. When you push the button for the microphone to sing it sounds like a blown speaker. It's horrible. We don't even let him play with it. I'd return it, but really--after I find a box to mail it back in, print it, and drive to our local ups/fedex center, I'd spend more in my time and gas than it's worth. I wouldn't purchase this through amazon, go to the store and make sure yours isn't broken.
Got this for my grandson's birthday, who was excited to use it. Looks great on the cover of the box and in the description. First problem is the assembly instructions. They are drawings which are numbered. NO words at all. And you get to figure out on your own where some things go. Not all pieces that come in the box are shown on the assembly instructions, and a couple of them look very different than on the drawing. Despite this, I did manage to figure out how to put everything together,(and later had my son-in-law double-check it- I did it correctly!)The biggest problem was the FLIP track feature. In neither position would it hold- so unless I sat there holding it in place, the boys could not get the track to remain driveable even for one single round.  You have to pump the circle to propel the car(s), which is a great idea, but you obviously can't pump it without any movement, and that's enough to make the flip part of the track flip. Only, it flips halfway, not all the way. If they had simply made it a SINGLE track, it would have worked well enough. Save your money. I understand the other items in this line work very well, so I have no idea why this was produced. I do not recommend it.
I have ordered 6 different kits from Lego and in every single kit there have been important parts missing and the kids were unable to build to specs.  I am very disappointed in Lego quality control.  Someone needs to do a better job making sure this kits are complete.  Gifts to little ones only to let them down is not right!!!
My first impression was that the shape pieces looked dirty and dull, not shiny like they do in the picture. The case did feel sturdy, my iPad fit perfectly and I liked the design overall. My daughter liked carrying it by the handle. The home button guard is a small but very smart detail. But then we couldn't find one of the apps and the one we could find was not that entertaining. My 1 year old was bored after a couple minutes.A couple other concerns/complaints: I wish the shape pieces stayed in their places. A small magnet to hold them in when the case was picked up would have been nice. The plastic that covers the screen would protect the iPad from scratches but I as I watched my daughter bang the shapes onto the screen, I wondered how long or how hard she would have to bang on it before the screen cracked. I didn't want to find out so this toy is not staying in our house. I'm not a fan of infants using technology anyway.
This is a extremely poorly constructed trackset. Unpacking and installation were not intuitive and required a lot of effort. It took some time to assemble the track. Once everything is ready to play, it just doesn't work. It becomes rather frustrating trying to troubleshoot the problems. Too many cheaply made plastic components that don't fit together.  Along with lack of electronic components, it is an awfully expressive price.Recommendation: no buy. definitely.
If I could have actually built this set, it might have been fun.  Even then, though, I really question its concept.  The problem is with the clay.  It's not simple play-doh, but rather it's gritty like sand is mixed into it.  It says not to get it on furniture and the like because it can scratch the finish.So the concept is that it provides molds to make two different fortresses, then battle it out using the catapults.  You get three colors of clay, the molds, and the box doubles as a play mat.  The clay is supposed to harden, but it never hardens fully.  Add to that two additional problems: The molds stick to the clay and don't release it.  The molds are really durable and heavy duty, but this means you can't bend or twist them well to release the clay.  Therefore, I couldn't get the pieces out without destroying them.That was a real disappointment after waiting overnight and then some.  This is where the overall concept is flawed.  Most kids won't want to fill the molds, then wait multiple hours as it instructs.  It says not to add water to try and re-hydrate the clay, so I'm assuming that if pieces break, crumble or get lost, you'll need to buy additional clay instead of adding some water and re-forming.Between the clay not coming out of the molds in one piece, not being able to try and reuse it, and the fact that your kids will be shocked to learn they are expected to put everything in the molds then wait a few hours before playing, I don't recommend this product.
What a disappointment for my child.  She could't wait for this toy for x-mas, it was one of her top wanted items.  In her own words she has said it doesn't even work right.  It doesn't do any of the things they showed on TV.  So after giving this product chance after chance now she doesn't even use it.  By the way, for this type of toy, it wasn't cheep but Santa likes to please very good little girls.  Crayola products usually are quality products.  Not this time.
You are much better off just using the app, this little dude gets lost easy, too. The kids quickly became frustrated and ditched him. It was a waste of money.
To be honest, I was on the fence about this Predator figure. Taking into account, it is simply another repaint and branded as something near doctrinally correct based off of the mega online blockbuster film "Batman:Dead End" by Paul W.S. Anderson. I just was not sure I needed a yellow Predator figure in my collection.Amazon Prime often lives above and beyond their great name when I get packages in one day instead of two (I can't wait for the Amazon Drones to deliver within ...wait for it...HOURS!!!) As was the case here, my figure arrived the following day upon ordering it. It was there while I was sitting on the couch on my front yporch drinking sugar-free lemonade when the FedEx man Dejuan arrived. He is good at his job, but on a personal level I'm not really keen on him since he's run over several of my coon dogs with his truck. Since I run little hunting "tours" for boring office guys who live in the north, those dogs are part of my livelihood. It is hard to tell if he is in a hurry, or just tired of stopping at my place one to two times a day. My dogs seems to like him though, often times, they will hug his bare leg or chase his truck as he drives off.Then, it hit me.The reason why I was on the fence about it is because of the name "wasp" the Predator figure has.When I was growing up, my parents were very strict religious people. My mom was dutifully supportive of my dad's freelance revival tours he did. Preaching the good Word from the same book. All in all, he made really good money at it. Even his motivational cassette tape series turned quite a profit.As "great" as he was on stage, tape or to other people, he was extremely hard on us kids. He was very firm, but also very fair. His punishments were always proportionately based on the the offense and we could choose which punishment we would receive. No one ever thought to question his punishments since it was a Higher Will that utilized him as an instrument for righteousness.One Sunday during an after church family picnic where we would gather around on the ground and dad would eat all the food we prepared for him and read for hours from The Good Book to us. I started get restless and began pestering one of my sisters. Dad would have none of that once he saw I had interrupted his sermon. He slammed the book shut, got up, marched straight over to me, grabbed my arm and was about to give me a spanking in right front of my family.Then, one of sisters spoke up and told him it was still Sunday.Bless her heart.He never gave out spankings on Sunday. Instead, he grabbed me by the ear and marched me over to a nearby log. There he made me abruptly sit down to think about my sinful ways until he told me I could get up.No exceptions.What I did not see (I'm not sure if he did or not) was a yellow jacket was on the spot where I was forcefully sat down. I really wanted to say something, but "no exceptions" meant just that.No exceptions.I do not recall how long I was on the log for, could of been hours since The Good Book is a pretty big book, but I do remember coming to in the emergency room surrounded by most of my family. It turned out, I had a bad reaction to the yellow jacket sting on my bottom.A memory I tried to forget, but once seeing this figure in hand brought it all back.One star.
I got this for my kids for Christmas but in the months since getting it they have only played with it a handful of times.  I even got all the extra figures for it but it simply cannot compete with the more sophisticated game systems and tablets out there.  Even my smartphone has better graphics than this.  This would have been a great toy 15 or 20 years ago but for now ours has fallen into the garage sale box.
The frame seems ok, but I'm going to keep looking for a less frustrating &#34;easel&#34; for my son's Perler activities.SUGGESTION: Check out the App that goes with this, including the &#34;in app purchase&#34; selection, and reviews to get a better idea of how this works as marketed & additional expenses to use it in that fashion.  We wound up only able to use it &#34;analog&#34; as the app was unavailable at the time.THE GOOD:most of the good is from the craft of Perler bead creating & this is a simple way to get someone oriented to the craft.-you can use the I-Pegboard without an iPad tablet-my son recognized that this makes &#34;old school/8 bit graphics&#34; and was instantly interested in making Mario, Luigi, etc...FALLS SHORT:-App, for the iPad, keeps coming up as unavailable for download.  Hopefully, that will change in the future because it is a fun part of this set and helpful for drawing in and teaching kids a new way to look at the world around them.-without an iPad inserted, there is nothing keeping you from accidentally popping up the removable tray with your hand when moving, scattering your designs-the tweezer/scoop tool is unforgiving to weaker, less stable hands. I hoped this would be a good hand exercise/OT sort of an activity, but i found it too frustrating as I flung a few beads and accidentally &#34;sprung&#34; a few beads from the tray.-the little scooped out spaces for Perler beads aren't deep enough for the included beads, so don't dump them all in at once.-the bead storage area is more of a palette and not any sort of portable or longer term storage solution as it doesn't have a lid.-I accidentally bumped, gently, the edge of the whole unit and knocked most of the bead out of the in-progress piece my son had been working on before bedtime, that he wanted to finish in the morning.  So frustrating.  They should include a design preserving lid of some sort.IF and when the app is available again, I will update this review.
My kids see a commercial for some great new tablet and start the begging and pleading for it even though they already have a VReader and already have an Inotab and already have whatever else was popular last week, but these became available and I figured, why not.  I might as well dip in and see if they are worth snagging.I have some issues.I&#8217;m tired of these tablets pretending to be these great learning tools when their games are pretty standard generic and cheap and don&#8217;t really compel the mind to dig deeper.  I mean, they can&#8217;t hold the interest of a child because they don&#8217;t challenge the mind and they only repeat a series of tasks that are essentially pretty boring.  So, as a learning tool, I don&#8217;t see the appeal here.  What is provided on the actual tablet is minuscule (like, two games) but the games available for purchase (none of the aps are free, sadly) are extremely dull looking.  The cartridges, which have a little more going for them, are pretty pricey.The camera is terrible.  They all are.  The camera on the Inotab was worse, I think, but this isn&#8217;t much better.  I&#8217;m glad that it has a front and back camera, but I wish that the pictures taken and the videos recorded weren&#8217;t so cheap looking.  The &#8216;fun stuff&#8217; you can do with the pictures are pretty lame too.The same old same.The draw here are the sticky skins you can put on your tablet to customize it, but they are cheap and don&#8217;t stick very well.  The fact that this doesn&#8217;t have a rechargeable battery or A/C adaptor and pretty much eats through your batteries in a single day (my kids are notorious for leaving these things on for the whole day) is a nuisance to say the least.It may be cheaper than buying an actual tablet (like a Kindle Fire or iPad) but is it really worth it?
I have two good things to say about this toy: 1. It speaks more than just English and Spanish, it also speaks in French and Mandarin.  I have never seen another toy that speaks in more than English and Spanish. 2. My daughter loves the little bit of music the toy makes.Yep, not much else good to say.  This toy is pretty lame.  The balls don't pop out like they are supposed to.  They might if you jam down on the tail really hard AND have all the balls in the lion, but otherwise, not so much.  The counting resets itself fairly quickly, meaning if you aren't feeding balls to the lion on a quick and continual basis, it starts over at 1.  Not so helpful in learning to count.  I guess they have to start back and 1 if it isn't played with for awhile, but the reset to 1 is a very short pause, especially if your kid is crawling around collecting the balls that flew out of the lions stomach.  The noise the lion makes when "eating" the ball, a gulping noise, makes it sound like it is part of the words it is saying.  The enunciation of words isn't good, when it says "Francais" it doesn't sound like it is saying that at all.  It is also way too easy to cycle through the 4 different languages, what a great way to confuse your child.  There should be switches to toggle the languages, not just an easily pushed, and enticing, star button on the front.  The music it plays when you push down the tail is fun music, but it is all of 5 seconds long. Having to push down on the tail over and over again to get the balls to pop out gets old quickly and my daughter loses interest.  For a toy that specifically is being marketed as a ball popping toy, this seriously fails, and the counting aspect of the toy isn't any better.
My 7-year-old son and I are always looking for projects. This one is very colorful but it's not that easy to do. The product we got does not match the pictured photo. Although it's initially fun, my son lost interest halfway through when we ran out of Playdoh. We ran into some other problems as well.First, he started one piece the day before and did beautifully with that piece. He stopped and didn't continue, which was a mistake. Although we capped the tubes, the Playdoh became a bit drier and harder to handle the next day. It didn't stick as well to the cardboard frame.Second, there was not enough Playdoh in the tubes to finish the project. Unfortunately the tubes are nonrefillable. Had they been refillable, we could have used regular Playdoh to finish the project. The company need to either make the tubes refillable or include more tubes of Playdoh. Children tend to put on too much in the beginning, so naturally the Playdoh runs out faster. The company needs to realize that and include more tubes of Playdoh to compensate for this and to ensure there's enough to cover the frame as pictured on the box.Third, I could see an adult who was a cake decorator sailing through this project, because that is basically what this project is. Instead of a cake to decorate, you have a cardboard frame. The frame does indicate where to put the different colors of Playdoh, which theoretically makes it easy. However, it does require your child to have strong hands, especially when the Playdoh is running low in the tube. Even I struggled. It is recommended for ages 6 and up, but given the strength needed to operate the decorating gun, I feel this should be for children ages 9 and up. Like I said before, a cake decorator would have no problem with this project, but for the average person like myself and my son, it's not that easy.Our frame is still not done. We will have to figure out something else to finish it since the Playdoh ran out.
I bought it for my 7 year old and she hasnt even opened the box. So i guess it is not that interesting
This broke pretty quick, and while my almost 4 year old would like to play with it, he really doesn't &#34;get&#34; it yet.  I really don't understand how it works myself.  So maybe for an older boy...but for a rough 3-4 year old (who is smart, by the way), I'd say no.
This toy is so cute and I had high hopes!  But compared with my son's Fisher Price shape sorter, this has a poor design.  It's shaped kind of like a flying saucer, and the narrowest part is where the holes are.  So when you go to put a shape through a hole, you can't get it in if there's already another shape in the area.  The fuller it gets, the harder it is to get shapes in.  And fyi, the FP shape sorter's shapes are NOT the same size as these.  These are smaller than FP shapes.  Hope this helps!
The voice recognition works for adults, not kids. What is the point of that?
During the 80's while in high school, I became aware of the 'Superfriends' cartoon on Saturday mornings. Faithfully, I watched every episode and even started to record them on my grandfather's BETA player. He made me stop recording them when he found out I was recording over his 'happy time' movies he and my grandma made with their camera.One of my favorite characters from that show was Solomon Grundy. He had a haircut similiar to my grandma.Often times, she would soak her feet in the tub, smoke a cigarette and read 'Reader's Digest' or some comic book to me.I prefered to use bubble bath most of the time so as not to see her toe nails. They often grew out thick and sideways while curving inward. Asside from that, she was an endearing lady whose raspy laugh was quite captivating if you could get past the strong smell of cigarettes and coffee with a hint of spearmint.Her passing a few years ago was quite a loss for my grandpa and I. Bless his heart for trying, he simply can not wash my back she did, but I would smile so as not to hurt his feelings.One day, I could tell he was feeling down. So, I went to the comic book shop to see what was new and maybe get something for him. That is when I beheld the biggest and quite possibly, the greatest Solomon Grundy action figure I have ever seen. As I made eye contact, I saw the image of my grandmother in him. Even the warm smile with the offset and discolored teeth captured her likeness. I knew that this figure would be just the thing he would need to cheer up.As I hurried home on my bike with the figure in my backpack, I couldn't help but think how much he would like this figure. Maybe, he would even want to keep it in my room to share the joy.Leaving the bike on the front lawn, I ran up the porch steps, tripped on the lazy dog (he had been sleeping for days) and stumbled into the front room with the TV on where my grandpa was slumbering. Shaking him from his all afternoon nap, he woke up with me holding the boxed Solomon Grundy figure in his face shouting &#34;it looks just like grandma doesn't it?!&#34;My grandpa passed away shortly after that from a heart attack.His final words were &#34;y you b bastar ..* &#34;Something to this day I wonder what he was trying to say every time I look at the figure in my room.
I am shaking my head at the makers of this &#34;game.&#34; Yes, I used quotes because these pieces of plastic and 12 balloons are not what I would consider a game. The construction is poor. Hard to blow up the balloon inside the balloon holder. The sticks are too sensitive and it is two easy to push them in, which leads to a pre-empted balloon pop. May I add that you only get 12 balloons with the cute faces on them, so after the kids have played it for 2-3 day...its over!
This product did not hold a very long charge to it when it was fully charged. My son and his friend played with it for about an hour. They said they were bored with the product which is a big ouch for adults buying toys for their kids. It was durable and had a nice design to it but ultimately a thumbs down.Would not recommend.
I wish I hadn't bought this behemoth at this point.  The voice recoginition is a joke.  I use Fluency to dictate at work and microsoft's voice recognition is so inferior it is laughable.  One of the few games I have, Dead Rising 3, was constantly crashing when I played it.  After searching forums/blogs, I found out that it probably was because I played the game while it was still loading (which by the way took FOREVER).  So I had to delete the game, lost my save data, and then install the game, install the update for the game (also huge) and then I could play it without crashing.  Plus, my biggest annoyance is that I thought that the xbox one was supposed to be better about not having you watching downloading and installing bars cross the screen.  Now granted I don't play it a lot.  I'm a busy physician and there aren't good games.  But everytime I turn the thing on it makes me download some enormous update and then install it.  Or when you put a new game in you have to wait for it to load (obviously all the way based on my Dead rising experience).  When you only have an hour to play before bed after you get the kids down and you spend half of it doing these updates or loading a game, it's pretty disappointing.  Also, the thing is just glitchy.  I've had issues with the controller and the unit having communication issues with each other which never happened with my 360 and you can tell the controller has thinner, flimsier plastic than the 360 controllers which would be fine if it were cheaper. Plus I no longer run my DirecTV through the xbox one which was supposed to be some wonderful function because it has a much less user friendly menu when you do this, it made our DVR mess up where it would take 2 or 3 seconds before it would fast forward with the 30 second skip and when you hit that button 6 times during a commercial break it's pretty annoying to have 12 or 15 seconds of just wasted time, and worst of all it CLEARLY made our picture worse on our TV.  I took the HDMI cable and plugged it straight into the TV from the DVR and then through the Xbox One into the TV and there was clearly a less crisp, duller, washed out picture.  It wasn't even tough to see the difference.  My wife clearly noticed it and that isn't something she even claims to care about.  And now Microsoft slaps me in the face and the Kinect that I just had to have as an initial buyer because it was "so integral to the Xbox One and it's future" is not not necessary at all and in fact I got to pay $100 for the privelege of having something that was even slowing my GPU down by 10% potentially making the graphics worse according to an article I just read.  All I can say is next time Microsoft makes a console, I will absolutely NOT make the mistake of being an early adopter.  Lesson Learned.  Wow, I sound so angry.  Believe me, you don't spend $500 and not want to like something but MS just failed on a lot of levels to deliver here.
Frustration free packaging?! Yeah right!! It took me forever to get it open with scissors. And when I did, Doc didn't function properly. She just made a funny noise when you pressed the button. I asked to receive a replacement and return this one. It was going to take TWO WEEKS to get the replacement with &#34;two day shipping.&#34; I ended up cancelling the replacement. .Hopefully they don't mess up my refund!
I really looked forward to getting this, but the back wheels were bent outward (like it had been stepped on and bent out of shape) and the ears didn't lay flat either.  It doesn't DO anything, either.  Maybe if it made a noise or wagged it's tail or something, I'd give it another star, but I was really disappointed.  I can't even return it because I had thrown the box away before looking at the product.
Two pegs broke before she could even use it, no instructions for ideas.  A child new to it could use ideas on what to do....the loom is also to narrow to do a lot of things we found on u-tube...
I picked this up for the son of a friend of mine. It was his birthday and turns out he is a fan of The Power Rangers. I was shocked to find out that the Power Rangers still existed. I thought that show ended years ago but turns out I uwas wrong. So I got this for him  and he was excited to get it but was disappointed when a piece snapped off as he took it out the packaging. I thought he was to aggressive taking it out the box but turns out it broke because of the packaging. He still played with it but was upset about the broken piece. Personally I wasn't impressed with uthe toy. I had a Voltron figure when I was a kid back in the 80s and I thought it looked much better than this.
THE GEARS TEND TO WELD TOGETHER THEN BURN YOUR RECEIVER,(MOTHER BOARD ) AND SO FAR NO ONE HAS A REPLACEMENT PART FOR IT,GLAD I NEVER GOT MINES IN THE MAIL MY FRIEND HAD FLOWN HIS AND IT CAUGHT MY EYE SO I ORDERED IT ,BUT BY THE TIME THEY ALMOST GOT IT TO ME I CHANGED MY MIND WHEN I SAW WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS, WE ARE STILL SHOPPING AROUND FOR PARTS TO FIX IT , AND NO LUCK , BUT IF ANYONE KNOWS WHERE WE CAN GET THE CIRCCUT BOARD FOR IT PLEASE LET ME KNOW,AS FOR THE GEARS WE TOOK THEM APART AND REPLACED THEM WITH SOMETHING ELSE WE HAD MADE OF ALUMINUM SO THE PLASTIC GEARS WONT BIND TOGETHER,
This went to my four year old son to play with.  He recently watched the new Lego Batman movie (based on the video game) and was interested in Superman and Batman fighting a giant Joker robot...just as in the movie.  A couple of notes:-Apparently the idea here is for Superman and Batman to stand still while the Joker robot saunters up between them and quick-as-lightning smashes its hands down and captures them.  Trouble is, you have to have Supes and Bats standing in a very precise spot, with arms close to their bodies, and remain standing while the kid squeezes the robot's legs together.  Unfortunately, this rarely if ever happened.  Instead one would get knocked to the ground where he could (presumably) save the other from Joker's grasp.  Or something.  Anyway, it made my son start crying with frustration that he couldn't get it to work, the figures wouldn't stand up because of the odd dimensions of the casting, etc etc.-The arms of the robot rotate forward so you can have Bats and Supes standing next to each other and get captured by the robot facing them.  But again, unless the stars are aligned and there's a variable gravity field under the figures to keep them from falling or something, it just doesn't work right.-Not to get pedantic, but the Batman insignia looks off somehow.  If this weren't a Mattel product I'd wonder if this was even officially licensed.  Not that my four year old cares, but, well, I do.  The Superman figure also has a somewhat odd (to me) costume on.-The figures themselves look strange, with dimensions that just seem off.  The capes are normal at the bottom but taper to a very narrow point at the neck...I think they'll detach sooner rather than later.-After about twenty minutes my son stopped playing with the Joker robot and instead played with Bats and Supes.Overall, it's an interesting idea but it just didn't work.
I'm sorry but 5"? I was shocked that this thing looks like it came out of a gum ball machine or from the claw game at the bowling alley. If I had seen this on a shelf in a store I would have expected to pay $4.99 tops.
Little did we realise there was a problem with the standard vintage collection sized x-wing pilot figure (like Wedge): it's too small, just measure it against any R2 unit (who stand up to their necks!). But the figures were nice and poseable and the removable helmets were cool so no one complained.But this new Biggs figure corrects the size issue at the expense of looking ridiculously tall against the rest of your Red and Gold Squads - I mean he's huge, like Chewbacca huge by comparison. Actually, if you stand him next to the recent TVC Bespin Han Solo he's about even.What I want to know is, why did they decide to change NOW that they've made all the other x/y wing pilots this size?Thanks again, Hasbro...
My daughter liked this for 30 minutes and then it was never touched again. I think it was due to just the novelty of drawing on a squishy gel ( the product is just a gel covered with a plastic type cover) and the fact that you cant draw much of anything on it. I'm not sure how they made that sun picture on the product image and i cant get anything close to it, so dont expect anything of that quality. But i think it a decent , cheap, and durable toy for a small toddler to waste some time on.
A joke, don't even waste your money, the pieces are cheaply made and just crap it's not even worth $1
My daughter loves Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, but was done with this toy in a matter of moments. The only part of the toy she still plays with are the Mickey and Minnie figures. The toy is poorly constructed, so many of the features are rendered useless. For example, the trapdoor that goes into the slide is poorly constructed. When the character comes out of the bottom, he/she stops on the slide. The figures are too bulky to go down the slide. The plane is rather pointless since a child is required to move it by hand. It would be much more interesting to a child it a lever caused the plane to move. The other features are chairs to put Mickey and Minnie in, while they sit in their clubhouse. The toy is hardly stimulating and lacks features to hold a child's attention.
The idea behind this toy is interesting, but it fails in execution. There is a purple gel behind a plastic covering that you displace with a stylus or with your fingers. (I am not so sure that this mess-free toy will remain mess-free. I am not going to try to break the cover, but it certainly doesn't seem like it would take much. A little bit of effort from a curious kid will most likely result in a mess of purple goo.) Because you are using pressure displacement to draw, it's hard to actually draw and it's hard to clear the screen.I think I could have about as much fun with a little bit of corn syrup, food coloring and a zip-lock bag....
The motor didn't  last 10 flights I wouldn't buy this motor again. it is a waist of money.I bought  a ( Modified 380X Brushed Motor) (EHB005) from Xtreme Production .I have heard good things about the Xtreme motor.
My 3 year old son has all of the go-go wheel playsets and I have to say this is the most aggravating one. He was so excited to finish his collection with this one (as was I) but it turned out to be a real disappointment. The yellow slide you see in the picture with the grey piece under it falls constantly. It's impossible for a toddler to play with and not get frustrated. I thought about gluing it but I shouldn't have to do that. It should have some kind of &#34;snap&#34; to hold the together. That's the main part of this playset and pretty much worthless. I do love the go-go wheel playsets and i enjoy seeing my son playing with them all connected together in his playroom, but this one was a big disappointment. If you plan to just buy one or two, I suggest the train set or the airport. Both have more to do with less frustration.
I bought it because Sophia and her clan of creatures are very &#34;IN&#34; right now, but seventeen dollars for this dorky little thing was ridiculous. It's not as cute as the picture, not cuddly. Perhaps my granddaughter will see the worth of it, and then it will be worth the cost,  but right now I don't it. Seems like the whole Sophia line that I have investigated seems to tend toward being poor quality and falling apart right out of the box. Sorry but it is what it is.
My five year old is in love with Sofia the first and always goes around pretending to be her and wearing necklaces pretending she had the amulet. So when I saw this one, I thought it would be a perfect gift. And it was... for about a week. My daughter loved it on sight and wanted to wear it 24/7. The little cards that came with it are cute but only held her attention for about five minutes before they were discarded. She loved walking around like a princess with her amulet and she enjoyed the feature which allows her to hear Sofia talk by pressing a button. After a few days, she told me that the clasp had broken but she had fixed it herself. Okay. Then a day later, it broke again and I &#34;fixed it&#34; but again it lasted a day and broke again. It was heartbreaking for my daughter because she really loved it. Because I also got her the Sofia dress for Christmas, I wanted her to have the amulet too. So I requested a return from Amazon and am expecting a new one to arrive any day now. I know that it will be the same piece of junk but my daughter loves it. When this one breaks (which it surely will), I will probably go searching for a different Sofia amulet. I am very disappointed in the low quality of the chain on this. It is very cheaply made and I would recommend not purchasing this unless you only need it for one day. In short, the amulet is cute but cheap and the clasp will break within a matter of days leaving you with a very sad princess to deal with.
My daughter is 5 and loves this scooter.  However, it lasted maybe three weeks and broke.  Now it is living in two pieces in the garage.
My son only used the vehicles to access the gaming options on our tablet.  The track has never been touched.
I bought this from Toys R Us for my six year old niece who is a Barbie/Disney Princess fanatic. I've always heard of Mega Bloks, but I have never experienced it before. On the day I bought it for her, my niece spent the night at my place.I saw her struggling in trying to assemble the pieces. She then asked me to help her. Seeing how I am a huge Lego fan,  I was delighted to help her assemble the playset. My experience with this toy made me appreciate Lego even more.  Mega Bloks doesn't hold a candle to Lego.  As an adult,  I had a hard time in fixing the pieces.  They constantly fell apart and I had hard time in attaching them together.  There were several times where I pressed very hard against the floor in order to attach them.  I didn't blame her that she needed help, since I was practically having a hard time myself. Don't get me wrong,  the playset is absolutely beautiful and every girl will gush over it.It's so pink and girly. The pool could be filled with water. There's a slide and a spiral staircase which just adds to the fun factor. However,its assembly made me give it a poor star rating. I don't recommend this product,  unless you're willing to super glue some of the pieces together.
i LOVE The Walking Dead and Faryl is one of my absolute favorite characters;i was so excited when i first heard about this but was utterly disappointed when i received it' sure the detail and sculpt was great in the face, clothes, accessories etc but the display status, posing, and articulation is TERRIBLE!!! and the crossbow doesn't even fit in the hands and the head is SO damn hard to remove i can't even take it off the get the poncho off!! what!? check out my review for a closer look http://youtu.be/S6-5RFbJ6S4
Try as I might, I cannot think of anything positive to say about this product.  Suggested for  children 18 months - 5 years, it would not likely stand up to the grabbing and banging that the babies would give it.  Particularly the very flimsy ramp. The &#34;shellevator&#34; works poorly and the roll down the ramp generally results in a crash landing.  This is another tie-in toy that lacks many of the components to complete the set ~ such as the ambulance and helicopter, requiring the purchase of multiple additional pieces that are (subject to availability) conveniently pictured on the box.  Over-priced and of limited interest/value
I realize these are cheap and that you get what you pay for but half arrived cracked and broken. Would have been better off purchasing them t the dollar store. :(
I got this in my stocking for Christmas.  Mommy and Daddy get Christmas stockings for fun along with our young children.  They usually consist of little things like this.This LEGO Super Heroes Batmobile Set is one of those tiny sets in a little hanging bag with only 45 pieces. It is different than most little LEGO sets because it is basically a Matchbox Car sized Batmobile.  It doesn't come with a character because it is on a much smaller scale than LEGO Figures.  It wouldn't make sense that this be used with a figure.  It does come with some fun and unique pieces including flames coming out of the back of the car, but overall there isn't much to it.  If you do decide to get it, it would go better with Matchbox cars than LEGOS.  The instructions are very detailed and easy to follow for a 5 year old. The recommended age is 5-12 and a 5 year old will only need minimal help with it.Obviously this is a very small set that you usually find on an end cap at your store hanging on a hook. You shouldn't spend more than $5 for this. Some Secondary Amazon Merchants sell this set for $10 or more which is in no way worth it. You pay more per piece for these little sets, but for $10 you can easily find 80-100 piece LEGO sets on Amazon. This size set should be purchased at your local store if you can find it, not on Amazon for double the price. If you can't find it elsewhere and Amazon is your only option, please be sure you know what you are getting in this small set. Make sure to shop around.Long story short, this is a mediocre set at best.  It has a small number of pieces, and doesn't really fit in the scale of most other LEGO sets.  You can't really play with it with your other superhero LEGOS, but it would go well with Matchbox cars.  If you can find it for around $5, it might make for a nice stocking stuffer.
bought for my 2 year old who LOVES wheelies - however, this carrier is poorly designed and frustrates him as a result.  The cars are supposed to get to the top tier of the truck with a ramp that hinges out -- however once the cars drive up the ramp onto the truck, the ramp doesn't fold back in without taking the cars off again - stupid. After he drives the cars up , My son tries to put the ramp on top of the cars, since even a 2 year old knows that the ramp should retract before the truck van drive off -- but it's weight knocks the cars on top off. Similarly, the cars on top can't drive off because the ramp is folded in under them -- you have to take the cars OFF fold the ramp down, then put the cars back to have them drive off - dumb. They should have just not had a ramp at all but I suspect then they couldn't charge the price for this they do, since the ramp is its only "feature".  So very poorly designed even for a 2 year old and not worth it's price
I decided to buy Roe Botik because of her unique hair and the fact that the box says you can create lots of interesting hairstyles.  But when I got the doll, I found out that you can pull 2 strings in her hair to make the silver pieces curl up and that's it.  If you want to recreate the hairstyles on the box, you have to figure it out for yourself.  I thought that there would be more special ways to change Roe's hair.  This doll is definitely not worth $24.99 to me.  For that price, she should've had more clothes than just a little skirt.  I bought the Ina Ferna and Anne Arctic Novi Stars dolls for $15.99 each and they are 100 times better than this doll.  They look better, have better clothes, and better hair.  This doll really isn't much fun.
I really wanted to love this figure but she has some large flaws. Her head is not the best sculpt (I can deal with that). Her hands can't really be posed well. I don't demand super articulation but this figure is below par and her hands are stuck in an awkward pose. Finally her legs are awkward right down to her boots that are so thin at the bottom that she can't stand without her base. I am happier with the joker, riddler, and penguin. She looks nice on my shelf but I find myself constantly trying to find a better pose for her.
The figure itself is nice enough. And the comb is a good accessory. My three year old daughter, who is way into all things My Little Pony right now, likes to brush the horse's hair. The big problem with this toy, as others have mentioned in their reviews, is in the functionality where the toy is supposed to talk and move around. Others complained that these functions stopped working for them a few days or weeks after they got the toy? For us, it stopped after about 30 seconds. Seriously, the toy was talking and moving when we pressed the button as we took it out of the box, but by the time we had it out it stopped doing any of that. No good. In my opinion the manufacturer needs to pull this product off the market and try again.
UPDATE:  CHANGED TO 3 STARS.  After about two weeks, the ball is now ripped.  The durability of this toy is not as expected.  The ball may be fine for dodge ball and voley ball type of games, but it could not withstand intense kicking and pool play.  In pool, specifically, the ball felt heavy like if it soaked up water.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  My son likes this ball.  We played several games that included throwing and catching the ball and kicking the ball.  It was fun.  The ball is light weight and easy to throw.  It is also squishy enogh to make it easy to catch and not to hurt if it hurts a body part.  The "handle" holes make it easy to hold the ball for throwing.  We played "soccer" and the ball worked well for this purpose too.  The ball, being quite light, did not cause much destruction when my son played soccer with his friend inside the garage.  Overall, I like this toy.
This toy has a fun, interesting concept, but the way it is designed is much too dangerous for children...and in all honesty, I think it is dangerous for adults as well.  I bought this for my 6 year old son.  After being charged as per the instructions, it does hover as designed, but quite often it will then go off in some wild direction and you just hope you don't get hit with this thing.  It hurts!  It hurts when you pick it up while spinning...it hurts when you get hit with it.  I have now hidden this toy from my son because I'm scared that he will use it around my 4 year old daughter who has long hair.  There is no doubt in my mind that if this "toy" were to come anywhere near her head (or the head of anyone with long hair), the blade will not just get tangled in the hair, but will continue rotating until it pulls the hair completely out.I'm no engineer...but in my mind this toy should have been built with some sort of light weight chicken wire to surround the blade as a safety feature.  Without it...it's just too dangerous!  This "toy" really needs to be pulled from toy store shelves before someone gets seriously injured.
I am not impressed with this toy. It is intended to entertain a baby but is not baby proof hence the warning label: use only with adult supervision.This toy isn't even really cute--it looks like a bear except it is a washed out pink color. The legs and arms are long like a teddy bear, but the feet are cloven like a pig (the paws are not cloven and the ears and nose are somewhat pig-like. I feel sure a little baby will laugh when this pig talks and when he shakes one of his long legs, but don't let the baby chew on it, it has plastic eyes. Finally the machinery gives this pig a hard rear end with a velcro closure in the center, but the cover flops down on either side of the velcro giving him a winged rear look. This pig is more appropriate for a gag gift, I think, but surely there is something cuter out there.Not recommended for a baby or anyone else!
Then it would not work again!  Sending it back as soon as possible.  The first couple of times we used it, it was very good, but then it just stopped working.
Because this is really just a mix of a lot of different bands it becomes difficult to find bands that look the same.  That in turn makes it difficult to do any ind of pattern.  If you just want to have a mix of colors with no repeating pattern then this is the product for you.
The product seems like a waste. Right out of the box it doesn't hold a charge.  Unfortunately it was a gift from our wishlist from Amazon so it looks like Amazon will not refund it without the original order number and I feel as though it is rude to ask the giver for the order number so that we can return the gift that we asked for on our Amazon Wishlist.  Basically it is $20 down the drain.
We tried this kit with 2 adults, a teen and two tweens. None of us could figure out the instructions. The first few steps were simple, but something went wrong with each attempt. The cord is a very nice quality and feel with good color selection. The needle was too pliable, it twisted when we didn't want it to. If you're crafty this might be easier to use but we gave up and hand braided bracelets from the supplies.Edited to add: We have plenty of cord left so after reading the other reviews I found the online video instruction.  I think I understand what we were doing wrong. I strongly suggest watching this video before using the kit.
This is NOT the real thing. It is a cheap imposter. It falls apart while using it. NOT worth the money or the one star. DO NOT buy!
Horrible. Cars don't race down, they stumble along slowly, stopping at every turn. Maybe I need to grease up the track. Ridiculous!
Horrible horrible!!! Waited three weeks for it to arrive only for it to be in pieces! Additionally,  the 4400 rubber bands are no seperated! It comes with an organizer but you must seperate the 4400 bands yourself. Never ever again will I order from this company! !!!
I was so evicted to get all the Funko mlp toys, so I decided to order derpy and Fluttershy on amazon first cause at the time they were a but less expensive than the rest but anyway, when they came here I opened them u to see that the paint job on the derpy and Fluttershy were absolutely horrible and there was smudges and other painting errors the likes of that but if you do decide to get the funko mlp ponies, than get them in store so you can take a look at them to see it at first for yourself.
There is no one on the planet who enjoys the Fisher Price toy better than me.  NO ONE.  So believe me when I tell you that this is the worst toy they have ever ever come up with.I have an iPod Touch and thought - COOL!  I will be able to play this with my grandbaby.  Um, no.  Incredibly difficult to open and put the iPod in, enough that I actually put it down and came back later so I wouldn't smash it on the floor from frustration.  Only three downloadable apps from Fisher Price that aren't intuitive and basically no fun to play.  Pushing the screen cover to use the apps is next to impossible for an adult, let alone the baby.Not a fun toy, not worthy of the Fisher Price name.
This bath toy absolutely does not float. If even a tiny amount of water gets inside (and it is not sealed mind you so it WILL happen) it sinks in a heartbeat! It's very frustrating for my three-year old and she is always asking me to "fix" it. To add to this toy's not so great features, the swings fall off super easy as well AND the middle part that holds the swings up comes off pretty easily too. The only nice part is the Ariel figure. What a piece of junk. I ended up getting the "Barbie Splash and Slide Bath Playset" which I absolutely have zero issues with and my girl loves.Save your money and save yourself the headache and don't get this toy!
I purchased this castle for my daughter as I thought the other castle (Badger Basket Castle Playhouse) I initially ordered from a big chain store wasn't going to arrive on time and needed a back up for Christmas.  Anyway, this one arrived on time as promised, but it was so flimsy and pathetic that it began to fall apart the first day (yes, Christmas day) and most likely won't last the week.  The other castle playhouse arrived, and was amazing (and much much bigger for around the same cost).  So now this piece of plastic junk is simply sitting in a corner, not being played with and parts are already missing and falling off it.  It comes in many different pieces that you have to assemble, and all the plastic pieces don't seem to fit together nicely so that the pictures in the windows concisely fall off, the taps come off easily and for younger children could be choking hazards.  I don't recommend this castle at all.  Buy the Badger Basket Castle Dollhouse instead (I got mine at Walmart) if you have the space.
The new "Animal Families" are completely unnecessary and a waste of money.  All three animal make the same sound.  The only difference is each are a different size and a slightly different color shade of one another.  Don't waste your money... (that is unless you can get all three for less than $3.50, then you have nothing to lose).Not to mention, all the zoo talker add-ons are seriously overpriced on Amazon.  Only $3.50 at the big box retail stores!
We are huge fan of the AutoBlox wooden cars and I have to say that I would suggest buying those instead.  These are highly priced but offer less detail than the AutoBlox.  You need to make an investment either way; the fun is being able to create your own cars by mixing and matching the pieces.  And you need more than 2 cars to do that!  We have about 10 AutoBlox and my kids love coming up with new configurations.
they have a terrible smell! i stall have not used them, and probably wont
My 4 yr old dtr has used this vest for 2 days.  It holds her up welll while still giving her the freedom to be upright, on her back or on her front.  She is easily able to flip around herself equally in all directions.  The drawback is the leg strap.  She asks to take it off because it hurts her bum.  The buoyancy of the front and back sections force the strap up and the flimsy 'protector' does nothing to keep the strap from embedding into her bum.  I am currently shopping for a more user friendly floatation vest for her.
I thought the bucket opened with other choices to play with. It Did not. This toy was Very basic and boring.
We love Nintendo, Mario and Donkey Kong in our house so this was a cute idea that had to be tested out. I was a little skeptical that a pull back car could cost $17 and only contain 25 pieces. That comes out to about 68 cents per piece of plastic (well, there is a pull-back motor included...).My 9-year old daughter assembled it. She has made a bunch of LEGO sets in her time as well as K'NEX sets. She got it together easily enough and went to do the pull back. The car moved about 8&#34;. So she pulled it back more and it started to come apart (the fins on the back kept falling off). It then went into a spin. After some adjustments, we finally got it to go about three feet but it never lasted long. It fell apart and was really fickle at moving forward.I would not buy this nor any of the cars in the series. There are building kits out there (even K'NEX kits) that are a much better value than this.The only cool thing about it is the Donkey Kong figure and the mushroom.
We loved the videos on the internet. Certain it would be just the thing for our (6 year old) girly girl who loves building. We sat down after Christmas and built and went through the book. At the end she asked me, &#34;what else does it do other than twirl the toys?&#34; (The answer is nothing.) And she hasn't picked it up since. &#34;It's boring to just twirl them.&#34; Sure you can put them in different configurations and twirl, but it isn't anything more then that. Disappointment. (Roominate was a hit though... if anyone is interested.)
My son was THRILLED with this train set, and it was fairly easy to put together (with three boys I've put together many and usually go nuts each time).  The tracks stay connected with a unique locking mechanism that seems well-designed.  It took me three times to set it up to the picture's design though, as the pieces aren't obvious to place, and the instructions were not kid-friendly (like Lego's instructions that a kid who doesn't read can figure out).So, put together, it looked good.  Had to put it on the kitchen table though, as carpet made it too uneven to use. It took up a good half and then some of my 4' x 4' square table.Here's where the problem now occurs: using it.  The push trains have to be placed very carefully to go anywhere...it's like a putt-putt thing where the kid physically has to push it all around. No problem usually, except that they have to climb all over the thing to get the trains where they need to go, which invariably knocks over a trestle or another piece and ruins it.  It's just not easy for a younger kid to maneuver around as they play.  Like I said, it's not the tracks...they stay connected. It's more the size and layouts that are difficult to work around.  I think what it needed was more straight and flat pieces to give the trains time to chug along, instead of just hills that make your kid have to practically climb on top of it to push them down the hill.  Which, actually happened.  Caught my son standing on the kitchen table trying to push the cars down the hill as it was too high to do it standing next to the table.I hope this makes sense.  I don't find it that educational or fun, but it is sturdy and will last forever.The final blow was after that first day, and despite my offering for him to take over the kitchen floor and build it again, he put it in a box and just kept the trains to go play with his other toys.  It's collecting dust.
My five-year-old daughter has been wanting a Leap Pad for about six months now since she played her cousin's, so I was happy to get the opportunity to try this one.  Boy am I glad we didn't spend money on it.The good points of this device begin and end with the ease of set up.  Out of the box, the Leap Pad will be ready to use in about ten minutes of hooking up to the internet and downloading from the Leap Frog website.When my daughter first got the Leap Pad, she dove right into it and played most of the rest of the day, pausing only when we insisted that she give her older sister a turn to satisfy her curiosity.  I was relieved that finally she won't be pestering me for my smartphone all the time.After playing with it again the next day for less than an hour, however, my daughter asked me for my phone again.  By the end of the week she had practically forgotten about the Leap Pad and was right back with the phone.  While giving in and letting her borrow my phone, I decided to see what this Leap Pad is all about.  Didn't take me more than 5 minutes to want my phone back.The package includes nine apps when you initially connect to the Leap Frog website.  Among these are a decent art program, a pet corner and a game that "teaches" the flags and various random useless facts about countries the majority of adults have never heard of.  There is also a calculator, a clock and a couple other apps your average preschooler will never touch.  To the extent she has used it at all since the initial days, my daughter only uses the pet and art apps.The package also includes a $20 download card in order to load more programs from the Leap Frog website.  At first I was pretty impressed.  The apps range from $5 and up and you get a discount the more apps you buy.  The apps include games, videos, ebooks and other sorts of "educational" material.  I was able to get five apps, so I was pretty happy.  At first the new apps didn't download to the device properly and my daughter couldn't find them, but my husband hooked the device back up to the internet and the problem resolved itself.The problem is, the apps are junk.  The games are very simplistic and repetitive.  Among the games we got, there were two themes.  Three of the games involved inserting missing pieces to create a complete tube or waterslide to get from one end of a path to the other.  Two of the games involved patterns of moving objects out of the way to "free" something (a polar bear, for instance).  The one ebook we got was insulting, even for a preschooler's cognitive level and my daughter didn't want to touch it again.I'm sure our mistake was choosing the cheaper alternatives.  I'm guessing that the apps that cost $20 and up may hold your child's attention better.  But who wants to spend that kind of money on a child's toy that already costs nearly $100?  It's just a continual black hole sucking money straight out of your wallet.  You can also choose cartridges which can at least be shared among friends, but they are also expensive and are probably easily lost.Once you set up the device and register your child(ren), Leap Frog will send you periodic updates regarding your child's "progress".  This is to give further credibility to Leap Pad as an "educational learning tool".  The fact is, however, there is little that is educational about this or any other electronic gadget.  Memorizing facts is not "learning".  Age appropriate learning for a preschooler involves hands-on exploration and discovery, pretend play, engagement with parents and other adults, as well as interaction with peers.  None of that is offered - and, in fact, is stilted - by isolated, controlled "play" on a gadget.In any case, in this modern world, electronic gadgets may be nearly unavoidable.  If you really think your youngster needs a gadget, a simple small tablet would probably be a better option.  There are plenty of free games and other apps for tablets.  It may not look as inviting and "child-friendly" as this device with its two extra styluses and Doc McStuffins wallpaper, but it's a much better deal in the long run.Update 3/13/14:  Two other things I forgot to mention.  First, the Leap Pad is equipped with a camera, but it takes such bad pictures, your child will probably not want to use this feature more than once.  Second, on the pet app, your child can wash his/her pet which involves, among other things, blowing into part of the device to dry off the pet, which the kids think is fun, but I find a bit bizarre.  I don't know whether the germ factor bothers me more (especially since it's designed to be shared among up to three kids) or the fact that it's eerily like a breathalyzer.
we did this one lazy afternoon. It was easy to read the directions, but my kids was bored. They kept saying is it going to do something. by the time we actually figured it out. The kids did not want to try anything else. Older kids my enjoy it more , biut the younger ones rather run around outside while uyu do it.
My son really wanted a transformer for christmas, especially the red and blue one.  I remember transformers from when I was younger and they have definitely changed since then.  If I had known how cheap and well just plain crappy this was, I would not have bought it.  It actually came with a car carrier that hooks to the transformer to load other cars on and tow, it is even more flimsy and cheap than the transformer is.
I own another version of this Fisher Price farm toy (without sounds) that has much better quality than this toy. It is very cheaply made - the thickness of the plastic parts reminds me of toys that come in happy meals. Several of the parts are warped and do not fit together correctly. The whole product just feels cheap for $40. I would expect to find a toy like this in a discount or dollar store for something like $5-10. Other than the shoddy build, our kids are happy playing with it. The only pieces that are quality are the figures.
I think I was more excited about getting Botshots than my grandchildren were.  We opened the box with interest, but the interest quickly waned.  After spending about 5 minutes with the Botshots, the kids said it was boring and they ran to play with something else.  I packed them away for a rainy day in hopes they might enjoy them better another time.  That was more than a month ago.  I decided to pull them out again and see if the kids would be more interested this time.Once again, the Botshots garnered about 5 minutes worth of attention.  One problem is that they are not well made and they don't hold together properly. Launching them was difficult and frustrating.  The game itself was not complex enough to challenge the children, so they quickly became bored.  The set landed back in the toy chest and I expect it will remain there.
I am sorry to say, that this is NOT a favorite game for the kids.  It has actually only been used once or twice.  Hooking up the iPod to the game was a bit confusing for the kids.  Sorry, but this is going into our yard sale.
I have tried a few of these "Amazing toys" and they are cheap and boring. This is the second I have tried and the kids were bored to tears with this. One kid said where did you get this?Bad start-skip!
Go to Disney store on a Saturday, these dolls are available for $18 (tax included). Please don't support those who are trying to profit off the disappointment of 4 year olds. Our Disney store had stacks of these dolls available.
I gave this to my son for Christmas, and after only a week of careful play, the lights and sounds no longer work.  I tried replacing the battery with two different brands, but it still doesn't work.  It WAS his favorite toy from Christmas when it worked.  Because it isn't an expensive toy, I may consider buying another one and changing my review if it lasts a long time.
First off, I've been a faithful Leapfrog customer since my oldest was a baby, so we are talking seven years. We've purchased among other things several Explorers and the GS. They were great. We got what we payed for. This big green monstrosity offered wifi and kid safe internet browsing. Why yes, it is super safe. It amounts to a few videos, a game of some sort, and a few you tube type videos with crazy (kid approved, I'm sure) music set over top the video. It's garbage. And most seems aimed at older kids, regardless of your age setting. There is no reason that they even added wifi. This is in no way, shape, or form a browser or even what my 3 year considers internet access.  It's greed, pure and simple. They sold the promise of a browser to take our money, and since we can't access web pages or anything like that then you have to suck it up and buy the outrageously priced apps.  I'm seriously angry--I feel duped, and I researched for hours before purchasing, but so little information was available about its internet capabilities. It was a Christmas present, or it would have been returned.  Buy a refurbished Kindle Fire for less than this, and you will have full access to amazing parental controls, tons of age appropriate games and books, and the kid can grow with it.  Or any tablet, but that's what we bought his big sister and she is at such a huge, glaring advantage.  I'm just trying to figure out how long before I can justify selling this piece of garbage and replacing it with a Fire like his sister's.
This set reminds me a lot of Polly Pockets. The figures are kind of small and made from thinner material than you'd find with something like Barbie. This castle play set is cute, but it took quite a while to assemble and the &#34;wow&#34; or &#34;fun&#34; factor on it was pretty short lived.At this point my daughter goes crazy for anything Frozen related, but she quickly lost interest in this set. Medium build quality, small figurines and a lot of assembly don't make this one something I'd really recommend.
Opened the box and it was missing an arm.  Kids still wanted to make the cake pop's, so we held it together where the arm should have been (will be contacting manufacturer about this).  But the &#34;dough&#34; spilled out of the bottom funnel and wouldn't fully fill up the pop peice.  We tried to make due... had 2 anxious kids who wanted to play with their Christmas gift.Went to decorate them, the icing was way too thick, had to add a lot more water than the directions stated.  Sprinkles were fine, although we couldn't figure out how to do the stencils without making a big mess.Took one bite and had to spit it out.  Very nasty taste.  Seriously gross.  Would never recommend this product to anyone!!  VERY disappointed in this purchase.  Was a highly anticipated Christmas gift... wound up being a major fail.
We have had the Dream Lites Snuggly Puppy for one month and three days. Our daughter loved this little puppy. Up until two days ago, all of the lights were working. Now, only the yellow light works. Bummer, our daughter loved the bright blue.
This is a cheesy, cheap toy through and through.  It took a great deal of patience to assemble - which seems unnecessary given it's price, size, and the age group it's geared toward entertaining.  After it was assembled, my boys loved it for about 30 minutes, then became frustrated by it, and haven't touched it since.  It doesn't really do much that's entertaining when it works properly, but when it doesn't work (which was the case about 70% of the time my boys used it), it's enormously frustrating (for the child and adult).  They needed adult intervention to get the contraption to work properly in most instance.  I would pass on this one.
Before I go any further, I've uploaded several pictures of the set which will do more to review this product than anything I can write, but here are the basic outlines...When you first look at this set, the notion of a grocery store with 100 different items sounds like a dream (once you stock the shelves, of course). In some ways, it is, if you're training your 3 y.o. for a future career as a grocery store stocking boy/girl. This set has it all, from milk cartons, to canned food, to pretzels, to fruit, along with the shelves and bins to stock. Of course, that's where the trouble begins. If you buy this toy for at least the younger audience (i.e. 3-4 years olds), prepare to spend a lot of your time stocking the shelves, since the items are small enough and require enough precision in placement that a younger kid is going to have a tough time. If your idea of a good time is spending 10-15 minutes every "shopping trip" putting item on the shelves for your child to spend 10-15 seconds taking them off, then get this. Now. But wait, there's more! You might think that a product with 100 life-like grocery items would come with the labels already applied. That bottle of syrup? Why, wouldn't it make sense for a manufacturer with access to machinery that can perform thousands of repetitive-but-high-precision acts a minute to use that machinery to pre-apply all the neat labels to the items? You might think it would, but alas, the manufacturer of this set thinks differently (then again, it's made in China, so maybe they don't have the machinery, just hundreds of poor workers who can only apply stickers so fast). Instead of getting 100 pre-labeled items, you get 100 generic items with 100 stickers the size of your fingernail to apply. Those cereal boxes that go on the shelf? Think they're little plastic boxes with stickers? Nope! They're cardboard punch-outs the size of stamps that you get to fold like origami to make for little shopper hands to immediately crush. But perhaps you're the type of parent who enjoys spending hours applying micro-stickers to micro-plastic grocery items, and then setting them on micro shelves. If so, this set is for you, but you better check with your vacuum cleaner first, because half of these are gone the first time you run it through your kid's room.In short, if you are a family of chipmunks (or absolutely must add a grocery store for a family of chipmunks to your collection), this set if for you. If you are human, and have any sort of time constraints, it is not. It's sad too, because had this come from the factory pre-labelled, it might have been the coolest thing ever. But insofar as the manufacturer would rather *I* pay *them* $70 to apply my own labels than pay their own factory workers to do it, I really have to knock this WAY down. At first, I was going to say I couldn't in good conscience take off 3 stars for this, but then I realized the set costs $70. At $30, I think it might be worth the labor on my end. At $70, it's laughable to get a box with two sheets of stickers and two sheets of origami cereal boxes.PS Just in case the manufacturer is reading this, apply the labels and assemble the cereal boxes at the factory, and you've got a 5-star set on your hands.
My son is 2.5. He loves Mike the Knight and he loves this set. I bought him the castle and a bunch of the other figures that go along with it for Christmas.Although hes happy with it, there are a few issues I have. The castle itself is much smaller than I originally thought. And, theres not much too it. My son gets bored real quick, when playing with this. The figures in this set (and the ones that go along with it) have very large heads.... this makes it hard for a toddler to make them stand up easily during play. He can do it if he concentrates really hard, but he tries to set him up on the castle and he falls over a lot, which makes my son VERY frustrated. The zip line is very tight on mikes hands and he does not slide down it easily. Also mike doesn't sit very snug on the horse.Overall, this purchase was ok, but if I could go back... I definitely would've bought a different castle set.
If I were Crayola I'd be embarrassed to have my name on this product. As a consumer this product is shockingly not fitting the quality I've come to expect from the brand.The mat is a pain, it doesn't lay very flat and moves all over as my daughter tries to use it. The markers are so faint and yet they didn't properly wipe off using the 'eraser'. I had to wipe it with a wet paper towel to get the marker all the way off. It's also difficult to fold and my daughter can't get the markers into their holders on her own.Overall, this is a really disappointing product. I would not recommend it at all.
As the parent of 3 young children, I love the idea of this product - a creative and mess free outlet for my little ones. However, there is a major issue with this product - the markers barely show up on the mat. There are no vibrant colors like on the box. My kids were really disappointed and lost interest because they could barely see what they were drawing.Yes the product erases easily, folds compactly and isn't messy but it also fails to do the main thing it was supposed to do - color. I would not recommend this product.
Sadly, I knew from the opening sequence that this game wasn't going to be very good.  I had high expectations that were not only not met but actually dashed to bits.  In a nutshell, this game stinks.First is the environment.  Forget the lush visuals of the trailers and promos. at least 80% of the game will be spent in dark rooms, hallways, corridors, outer space, spacecraft, vent shafts and other drab environments.  Second, the navigation stinks.  The navigation and objective markers are very confusing at times. And that's only when the directional objective marker actually feels like appearing (there were several times I tried to invoke it, only to get a text display of my objective and nothing more).  It can be more confusing than helpful at times, especially when it rotates 360 degrees, like when you're in outer space, zero gravity or on a multi-level structure.  And some of the mission objectives are just downright confusing.  You'll get a vague hint like "assist so and so" but it doesn't tell you that this assistance involves several steps that aren't very intuitive.The weapons for the most part are decent but there are major shortcomings.  For instance, the game loves to put you in rooms full of ammunition and weapons like you're in a candy store but you can only carry a ridiculously small supply. You get one primary weapon, one secondary and a max capacity refill of reach. There are two types of grenades but you can only carry one type at a time.  When you're looking at a weapon on the ground, you can see the specs for it but the lame comparison leaves a lot to be desired.  Instead of orange and green bars to indicate more or less power, just do a side by side.  The worst glitch with the weapons is that some of them will simply refuse stop working and refuse to fire.  There is no explanation, no little text message to say "too close to target" an indication that the weapon is empty or anything.  Nope, you just sit there pressing R2 like a maniac while getting riddled by the enemy.  As if ridiculous cheapness were';t enough, the AI enemies even do little victory dances over your body and take cell phone pics of their kill.  So after the game fails on you, it celebrates its failure in tacky fashion.There are adrenaline packs that you can use during battle.  They will restore your health and also give you a temporary slowed down Matrix style "bullet time" boost.  It's helpful when facing a few enemies but pretty much useless when needed most, against scores of enemies as you'll encounter in the latter stages of the game.  Like the weapons, they also seem to disappear without warning when you need them most.  I'll start a new section with a full supply of adrenaline packs but somehow go down and see the message "no adrenaline packs available".The tactical echo and O.W.L. were the only two things that really stood out about the game and even they had their faults.  They are usually excellent tools in your arsenal, especially for helping  deal with the darker environments.  The tactical echo acts almost like a heat sensor, displaying enemy silhouettes through walls, doors or floors.  The O.W.L. is your personal drone that is capable of providing a shield, attacking enemies, disabling enemy shields and hacking computer systems which accomplishes numerous objectives like disabling alarms, opening doors, navigating ships, disabling security systems, etc. Unfortunately, when you use the most useful features like shield and pulse, it quickly drains the O.W.L. and it will end up off in a corner recharging when you really need it.  Also, as far as engagement, although it occasionally kills enemies, (more in the beginning than latter stages), by the last few chapters of the game, it amounts to little more than a distraction and hacking device.  99% of the enemies will need to be dispatched by you.All in all, I played the game only because I paid for it. I can wholeheartedly say if this were offered free as a PS-Plus game of the month or some other deal, I likely would have deleted it by now.  I would not buy the game again if given the chance all over again, but everyone has different tastes.  My advice is to watch a couple play through videos online just to get a grasp of the environment you'll actually be playing in versus the much prettier environments shown in the ads.  Might not hurt to rent it first as well, if you're able to do so.  Otherwise, grab it in a bargain bin as cheap as possible or wait to see if Sony offers it as a free PS plus game (highly likely in the near future) if you simply must have it.However, if frequently getting lost in dark environments with malfunctioning weapons and vague directives while having enemies twerk over your body and take cell phone pics after a ridiculously cheap kill seems like fun, then dive on in.  This is the game for you!
It was with great excitement that my eight year old son and I opened and assembled the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster.  The box was huge and almost intimidating, but assembly was quick and easy.  There are a few odd assembly steps so I recommend you read the brief instructions.  The first few days of play were great.  My son lined up rows of star wars figures and could comfortably knock them down from 20 feet away.  Accuracy was exceptional.  Then came a jammed dart; my son had caulked the chamber forward, and in doing so, squeezed a dart halfway between the magazine feeder and the barrel.  At first, it looked like a simple problem to solve, but after 30 minutes, I gradually started having to use more and more force to dislodge the stuck dart.  Ultimately we freed it, but the blaster was toast.  We could hear a few small plastic parts rattling around inside, and the normal caulking action didn't work.  So after just a few days of light-duty use, the blaster was broke.Bottom Line: Before you purchase this blaster, carefully consider who would be using it, and whether they'd be susceptible to getting darts stuck in the barrel chamber.  Nerf makes a number of solid blasters, including theNerf N-Strike Elite: Strongarm Blaster,Nerf N-Strike Elite: Rough Cut 2X4 Blaster, andNerf N-Strike Elite Firestrike Blaster.  For some reason, as Nerf's blasters get bigger and more expensive, they get less reliable.What you need to know about this blaster:- The blaster is huge, measuring 36+ inches long - not appropriate for small areas or bedrooms- The blaster is big and heavy, not appropriate for smaller kids- It shoots darts 100+ feet, not for inside use!- It's fairly accurate, hitting a 3" target from 20' is easy- The darts whistle as they fly through the air - very cool- The darts are durable and seem resistant to damage- The blaster is too big to run with - smaller kids will easily trip running around with this thing- If the blaster jams, it's probably permanently out of service unless you want to try disassembling 25 screws and tons of springs and small plastic partsMy recommendation for buying:- If this is for an older/taller child that's patient and able to carefully use the blaster, then the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster is worth consideration.  If you're purchasing this for a smaller child between the ages of 8 and 11, I suspect that the blaster won't last long and therefore shouldn't be purchased.My Rating:I'm rating this as two stars.  One star for fun and accuracy, and another star for value (you get a great package for the price).  But due to the lack of durability, quality, and ease of use, I'm leaving off three stars.
I did not receive all the colors pictured.  Did not receive pink, purple or berry.  There also was not  250 clips.  I am very disappointed.
Without meaning this to come across as too harsh, I would present just one caveat for this product - you're paying $50 for a plastic boat that doesn't include a doll of the character for whom it is apparently intended.This toy does have some appeal for those young kids who want a ship for Ariel, and who already have Ariel or other dolls from the set.  The colors are nice, but the craftsmanship is not great, and my guess it that this boat would cost about half the price were it not for the Disney name.  I also wasn't impressed with having to do any assembly given the price tag.Just a disappointing toy overall, with nothing that makes it stand out.  Certainly not recommended at this price.
This game reads ages 5-8. My 6 year old had diffucultly figuring out how to play this game. I even tried playing with it and did not find it user friendly. I would not reccomand this game for 5 or 6 year old.
I picked this up for my son thinking I'd give it to him for his birthday.  Then, I read some reviews and decided I probably should check it out before giving it as a gift.  I'm glad I did.  This item is junk.1. The markers are difficult to get out of the storage location even for an adult.2. When you color with them, you can't see what you've drawn!  What's the point?  Not to mention, just in regular use, half of the very light color rubs off as the child's hand or arm touches the area where s/he just drew.3. It's advertised for small children and long car rides, but then you're warned not to let the markers touch surfaces that can't be washed.  Sorry, I'm not taking the chance of one of these markers getting dropped on my leather vehicle seats and discoloring them.  (We had issues with Color Wonder markers leaving stains so I learned my lesson with markers that "only mark on the special surface".)4. Since the back is hard, it doesn't even work well as a lap desk.  Lap desks usually have some sort of beanbag type of back that will conform to the shape of the child's legs and stay in place.  This item is just hard plastic and stays in place no better than using a hardback book on the lap.So, this will be one of those items where it's played with for a day or two (I've already given it to him, just not as a birthday gift and he's already bored with it since it doesn't really work), will get tossed in the garage, and then eventually in the trash.  Save your money.
My daughters are obsessed with art and love Crayola products. We had just visited the Crayola factory and they had so much fun with the model magic that I thought they would enjoy this. They were very excited to get it, until actual playtime. The clay is different from Model Magic and my youngest didn't even like touching it. My eldest was enjoying herself, until you had to remove the clay from the mold. We couldn't get the clay out. I even made her let it dry overnight, but this didn't help either. She wasn't very interested in it that next day very much, anyway. It really takes too long for the pieces to dry before you can destroy them. And I thought there would be more molds.
This is a cute novelty toy and would probably be great for collectors. But as far as being able to play with it as a kid. It lights up, it makes some limited designs changes a few colors and does not move at all.
The intention was to get this for the kids, but the super-tiny parts made it very difficult for them to put together, meaning I ended up doing it. About a third of the way through construction, I was pleading for it to end- my fingers were sore from placing dozens of sharp block on each other.My big complaint was that there was unneeded complexity in the design; using 3-4 block where one or two would have sufficed (a cynical guess would be to bump up the piece count).In either case, the vibrating board didn't work very well and the guys didn't move. The sound effects were annoying, as was the "KRE-O!" that is yelled when you try to silence it.After I finished putting it together, the kids played for 10 minutes and then forgot it. It's sat in the box ever since.
You know who likes this game? My 9 year old. You know who shouldn't be playing this game? My 9 year old. Unfortunately, this was the only person in my pool of 15-40 year olds that was interested in playing this game out of the box. This is a very tame game - so the caveat here is that if you are in a tamer subset, maybe this would work better.The instructions are a bit convoluted - it is not immediately clear which pile you are drawing from / how to hide your response etc... It is a bit like they took the premise for apples to apples and then combined it with would you rather?The thing is so many of the scenarios are just silly or yawn... and very, very tame. Frankly, in this day of online dating most of us between 25-35 (and not married the whole time) have encountered worse. Honestly, I got more of a kick out of comparing war stories - and then debating which was a deal breaker or not with my friends (note: my 15 year old son was not included in this conversation, the only reason they saw the cards is they were left on the dining room table).Honestly, if you get this, just use them as coasters and let people organically discuss things. Cards against humanity (note: do not leave that one on dining room table) & Loaded questions are more fun (or the Head's Up! iphone game) if you are looking to have a party game.
I am not a fan of these dolls anyways but my daughter loves them but they are not made very sturdy the limbs fall off all the time. The arms fall off at the joints and so do the legs you have to keep putting them back on because they just pop off and don't stay on.
I just spent 45 mins putting the cart together and the wheels don't go round !There is no boxed play food with this item.I have only one word to describe this and that is 'trash' !
The instructions are hard to understand but you can make up your own rules. The goal is rather simple: the one who collects the most coaster cards wins. This is not a game for all ages. High school and college are the target age group. The Deal Breaker situations described on the coasters are based on relationships and scenarios within relationships. The game has limited appeal and gets boring pretty quickly. This is a good game for teens at a slumber party.
Several reviewers seemed to be able to get this product to work well. Good for them. I couldn&#8217;t get it to work right. The facial recognition technology worked a little with the pre-done &#8220;ready-to-wear glam looks&#8221; but these looked more like Mardi Gras or carnival costumes. They didn&#8217;t at all look like real makeup looks. They were ridiculously over the top. When you move your lips, your eyes pop like a cartoon character. And while this was fun and funny for a little while, the novelty wore off quickly. As for the customizable make-up, we couldn&#8217;t get it to work even a little. Before you buy this, download the app and give it a try. It won&#8217;t give you the full experience, but it will give you a little bit of an idea of what to expect. I would give this zero stars if I could.
This seemed like it might be a fun game in concept but the execution is poor.  The characters are very adorable.  My 7 year old liked playing with tiny minions but never really could get the hang of the game.  The pieces are really small and very easily lost.  I would not buy this game again.
My son loved this product from 12 months on and still loves it at 18 months, but it broke and no longer works... So he gets very frustrated!
The top of Anna's dress is painted on. I returned the doll and purchased Anna and Elsa fully clothed with fabric from The Disney Store. My Granddaughter was delighted with them.
Ever since my husband saw the infomercial, he has been bugging me to order "The Cat's Meow" to entertain our cats. Against my better judgment, I caved and agreed when I saw this listed on Amazon.This toy is so cheap and lame, and the cats are not too interested in it at all.  It's pretty noisy, the thin nylon fabric is frayed and it takes (3) C-batteries (NOT INCLUDED. It must take a  lot of juice as the batteries died after just a few days of use. (1) of the 3 cats is totally freaked by it and the other (2) were not impressed.Honestly, they must have sprinkled catnip on the one they used in the infomercial.DON'T WASTE YOUR $$$ like we did.
Barbie Mariposa must have taken some engineering, but they'll have to go back to the drawing board. Her dress is wired up with thin plastic tubes that are supposed to swish up when the button on her stomach is pressed. There's also a big butterfly gizmo on her back, to which the fairy wings are attached and can be moved up and down (manually). Unfortunately, the belly button, at least on this particular doll, does nothing. It's impossible to push the fairy skirt into its folded down position - push it down, it pops back up. This is a silly product with very little purpose or play value. Her clothes can't even be changed. You've got to wonder what they were thinking when they released this dud of a product.
I have bought eigtht syma helicopters since christmas. Six of them were great. Two of them had a bad rotor motor right out of the box. I repaired one of them myself but sent the last one back. (this one). QC is not working for them. Just know when you order, it's a roll of the dice. Good Luck !!
Look great! BUT weighs 1.27 oz; NOT built to last like the S107G. Throttle is spring loaded to off which takes a lot of getting use to after flying my other copters that don't have spring in controller. When taking off, it goes backwards about 2 feet before extablishing vertical flight. Very squirelly in flight; Hard to control with any percision, Requires constant trim ... about every 30 seconds it requires trim to remain steady/not turning. Very disappointing!After flying the S107G for months, this copter is no where near as well built and is very different/hard to fly. I have decided to send it back and try the other models to see if Syma has built any copters that are as great as the S107G.  Since the 107 was my first, they have had to withstand numerous crashes and they (4) still do not show any damage and I have used Zero of the spare parts that came with them. I fear that if I crash this copter it will come apart; there is not metal components for strength like the S107G.Wish it flew and was as well built as the S107G cause it looks great; but I want a copter I can fly, not one that is so poorly bulit that it will turn intoi an orniment in no time at all.Also, the controller is not compatable with the controller for the S107G SO you have to have another set of batteries if you have this copter and 107 copters.Adendum: I recieved the S109G today. It is the Apachee version. The controller was the same and completely compatable with my S107Gs. Which raises the question: was the "squirelly flying" charactistics due to the unique controller that came with the S108G? The S109G flying just as great as the S107G; the construction is still lacking but with the stable flying characteristics, it should last since I not app to crash it. My advice is to steer clear of the S108G.
These Monster High sets are really high priced for a scant amount of plasticized material.  It actually inspired me to learn how to sew!  Turns out you can buy these doll patterns and make a whole bunch of clothes for very little money.  Don't waste your cash.
It did not come with instruction. This is a waste of money. It just won't shut up. I had to take the batteries off to shut it down. They say that it learns. But where is the instruction to teach it. I definitely won't recommend it.
This new set is a mess, now they no longer have the pins in them, because GOD forbid one of your kids pokes themselves.  They now offer PUTTY, and it won't hold anything in place.  Blarg.  Darn my MOM for trashing my GOOD OLD one.
Only 9 pieces????  What's the use of only 9 pieces?  Since when was Perfection considered a toddler's game?  This is ridiculous.  How many people are going to be purchasing this for their grade school aged children based on their own memories of owning and loving this classic game only to be dumb struck to discover it's such a pathetically reduced version?  And the construction is so flimsy and cheap even if I did want to purchase this for a 2 year-old, I'd be afraid to let them use it because it would probably break so easily.  And, putting the pieces away?  Forget it, they'll never get the pieces to fit in the drawer.  Hasbro, wake up!  Why do you ruin absolutely every game you remake?  I, for one, am sick of it and stear clear of almost anything you make these days.  Thanks for ruining a great and classic game.
This track gets two stars from me because my son does think it's cool (he's almost four and likes Cars,) he likes the car itself, and because we (adults) have gotten at least some of the functionality to work some of the time. However, he's never actually gotten it to work himself, so that I'm surprised he wasn't more disappointed. He's mostly ignored the track after the first 24 hours and played with just the car.Putting the track together wasn't impossible, but it was a challenge and the instructions weren't all that clear. ("Helpful hint" to put on the stickers first would have been ridiculously hard.) It holds together well enough to work, but tends to start coming apart quickly if it's moved or if baby brother comes along.It was tough for me as a mom to figure out how to set up and use it; the instructions offer practically no guidance as to what it's supposed to do and how. My husband's the only one out of the three of us that's really gotten the car to loop the track. In fact, now that I look at other reviews, there are things I didn't even know it was supposed to do.One potential problem is that it has to be used on a hard, smooth surface - at the lower level the car runs on the floor rather than a track. Carpet, rug or probably tile would be problematic.A final drawback I see is that it's a track to RACE cars, and of course only one car is included. To have a race you'll need to pick up another vehicle in the set, likeDisney / Pixar CARS Stunt Racers Raoul CaRouleIt's designed to launch two cars at once, though you can do just one.Amazon's description says that it's based off the movie Planes. Having seen Cars but not Planes, I really think it's based on Cars; the car included is Lightning McQueen.
They make these cheap and easily breakable.  Bought for my daughter, and these are great to look at in the box, not so much for playing.  Most pieces were lost in a day.
To be honest, after all these years, Marvel Comics has finally allowed some one (company) to make a Venom figure that is true to its first appearance source material.Originally, Venom was created by the great Obama supporter (re: Savage Dragon #137) and ground-breaking artist Erik Larsen.Sadly, this figure does not have the same charm as the original Toy Biz Venom figure that would say "I want to eat your brain." Taking that into account, the figure only deserves one star, but not the lone red star an aspiring communist would admire.In a time of reboot of reboots, sequels, prequels, reboots of prequels and all things zombies, the figure should of been able to upped the ante.
My son was so excited to get this from Santa.  He'd been begging for one for months, so it was purchased for much more than was necessary to make sure he had it under the tree. He was thrilled to use it. Only used it about 3 nights when it quit lighting up. I thought the batteries had worn out pretty fast.  After all, they are dollar store batteries, so I wasn't expecting much.  However, several attempts at loading new batteries did no good.  The light is still not functioning.  It's a huge disappointment and it's sad to have a little boy crying over something he was so excited about.  I see from other reviews that ours isn't a fluke, so I highly doubt we'll be replacing it with another Dream Lite.  Had I filled out the review in those first three days, it may have gotten 5 stars.  Now, it's lucky to get one!
It was a headache putting this together and keeping the small accessories organized.  We've already lost half of them.  And of course, things get messy when you apply the water.But hey, it's not about us right?  The kiddo had a blast with it.  Unfortunately, my daughter kind of lost interest in it after the first few times playing with it.  All in all I wouldn't recommend it.
I've never played the Where's My Water app.  I'm sure the app is good and addictive for at least some people.  It might even be a great game.  This, however, is not.It's flimsy, it's totally random, will probably bore children after just a few plays and it isn't a game that adults will want to go out there way to play with their kids.  It's basically Plinko from the Price is Right!Compare this to Magic Labyrinth by Playroom Entertainment (one of several great kids games that Playroom makes) or something like Toc Toc Woodman.  Both of these other games look like gimmicks (Magic Labyrinth with its hidden maze and magnet figures, Toc Toc for its dexterity style game of chipping away bark pieces for points), but they both work.  Period.  Kids like playing them and adults will enjoy playing them with their kids or even on their own! So why buy something like this, an idea in search of game.
If you are going to use this in a lake or pool or the ocean, it would be fine.  But I bought it for my granddaughter to use in the bathtub and it doesn't work there.
My daughter loves the Where's My Water app for the Kindle.  However, I have been trying to keep her unplugged a little more and was thrilled to see her favorite game in an actual physical game form.Set up was a little difficult.  The main issue I had was with the switch that switches from player to player.  I installed it upside down.  The funnels also keep coming off whenever we play.  If your child is younger, please note that there are tons of tiny little pegs.  They come out of the board easily and can be swallowed.The games come with cards that show a board diagram.  Before you play, you must set up the diagram to match the card.  You put certain colored marbles behind ducks and traps.  Getting the marbles to stay put before we were ready to play was almost impossible!  The yellow and purple (duck and trap) marbles would all come rushing down at once, while the blue game marbles kept getting stuck.We did about six boards before we realized it was just too much work.  It took about four times as long to get the boards set up than it did to actually play the game.Unfortunately, this one is for the closet and it's back to the Kindle for us!
rather small compared to the other jake stuff and after the initial &#34;haha the teeth move&#34; reaction my kids haven't bothered to touch it. yeah the cannon is cool, but that same feature is in many of the other jake play items. Wish I would have skipped this one.
Not very durable, hands fall off, small pieces.  Got it for 5 year old, but very fragile toy.  Is this planned obsolescence for toys.
My son wanted one of these so bad.....so after waiting over two weeks for it to be delivered he was so excited to get it.  Well it only lasted 2 hours and it quit working.  Would not recommend this product.
It's a cheaply made toy.  The time clock is forever and it doesn't really pop up that much.  I thought it would be good for my 4 year old, but it wasn't worth it.  Also, there is no way to fit the shapes in the drawer unless you spend tons of time trying to cram them in.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for this year, so it hasn't been used yet but I did open it to make sure aii the parts were there, and yes, my 5 1/2 y-o is going to love this and I love that it's sturdy the top flap is Velcro , it opens up so that it lays out flat and all the gears have their own spot to fit in, can't wait to see it in action!UPDATE: I was so disappointed when we first used this! The packaging is nice and sturdy, but you don't play with the case, the largest six or seven of the circles are so warped that they won't stay in the ring, even if you go slow they just pop out/up over the edge of the ring , you can't even get a full rotation to begin a design! I remember as a kid having so much fun making all kinds of designs and even being able to go fast. At the end of a sad twenty minutes or so I made a couple designs with the smallest ring and a couple of the smaller circles. I wish they just made things to work the way they're supposed to, instead of cutting corners on stuff to make a buck, what a waste!  I'm going to try heating up the pieces, maybe with a hair dryer or for a short time in a warm oven, and then put a heavy book on them overnight or longer, so we'll see. I will update again and let you know if it was successful.
I remember playing with Matchbox cars and generic plastic tracks back in the 80s (everything was universal back in those days) and felt somewhat nostalgic when I had the opportunity to review the latest entry from the Disney Merchandising Empire, namely the Cars Speedway.  Course I, a 6'5 29 year old male with graying hair, would have looked REALLY silly to my roommates trying to test this product by myself so I, as I had done with previous reviews on toys, enlisted the help of my neighbors, who have two children between the ages of 7-10 (I didn't ask, silly me) to test it out while I took notes nearby.  It didn't take long for problems to occur starting with assembly.The instructions were... well... crappy and exceedingly vague for anyone that doesn't assemble anything on a daily basis.  The mother, who is about as normal as blueberry pie (hehe, South Pacific reference!), called me over within five minutes expressing frustration at what the instructions meant.  The pictures were somewhat confusing even to me, and I used to install home theaters and home appliances at Best Buy.  I had to violate my own prime directive of reviewing non-interference to assist the mother in construction and I quickly quipped that I certainly hope the writers of the manuals do not moonlight as 911 Operators ("Perform CPR by using your hands!")Even with my help, it took approximately 30 minutes to assembly what should've have been a 10-minute job and we came to an even worse realization after that.Now, I'm not a parent but I've moved around enough and spent enough time at other friend's houses as a child to know that most children's rooms are carpeted.  It's a safety and comfort issue.  Now, where does this fit into my review?  Well, the product is basically a two-level track that starts on the bottom floor, that sits on the ground, and the cars are shot by a launcher up a ramp to the upper level or around a loop on the ground level.  Problem is that the ground floor is little more than a plastic perimeter/guardrail that guides the cars and NOT an actual track.  Also, there's a few inches of space between the launcher and the ramp to the upper level, meaning the car has to traverse across whatever surface it's sitting on (hardwood, carpet, your Dad's back, etc.) before using the remaining momentum to ascend.In short, this thing does NOT work on carpet, ergo use in the vast majority of children's rooms.Now, I was always under the impression that Disney had one of the best marketing divisions in the world, and yet, they overlooked THIS little problem that even I, a non-parent, figured out almost immediately (Hey, Disney Toy Execs!  Did I mention that I am available to hire as a full-time bonafide toy tester?  *waggles eyebrows sarcastically*).The mother and I quickly relocated the speedway, which almost fell apart in our hands as it is very flimsy, to the kitchen table after promptly evicting the father, who was trying to enjoy a quiet game of Angry Birds on his laptop.  After explaining the importance of testing the product to the angry father ("It's for science!") we reassembled the tracks and were about to test it on the hard surface of the table with the kids when we ran into another problem.I handed the Steve- er... Lightning McQueen car to the youngest and reached into grab another one for the other-... what the?  Where's the other car?  The Speedway only comes with one car and replacement cars cost... well... you can get a few Matchbox cars for the same price.  This wasn't good as you can't have a race without two cars otherwise it's a time trial and this is hardly Mario Kart.  After a few seconds of thinking I asked the kids if they had any Matchbox cars to see if they could be used as substitutes.  It was here that I found out WHY the Cars Stunt Racers were so expensive; they're proprietary and have pull-back motors!  This means they are specifically designed for the track and vice versa so nothing else will work on the track as we learned VERY quickly.I see your tricks Disney Toy Execs!  You clever fatherless people you!  THIS is how they tie you in to buy more stuff that is way overpriced and as flimsy as a bridge on the I-5!Seeing how this was not going to work with two children and I was NOT going to travel to the nearest department store to spend money on more cars, we let the children take turns and they got bored within minutes as there was nothing more to do than turn an annoying crank and watch a single car do the same thing every time.  It became very repetitive and I can just imagine how long the flimsy power crank would last as it sounded like something from Frankenstein with every passing turn.Realizing that this toy would not last without a larger investment in more Disney Cars toys, I turned to the mother and asked a single question.Me:  "Do you guys have a Nintendo Wii?"Mother:  "Yes."Me:  "Mario Kart?"Mother:  "Of course!"Me:  "I challenge all of you!"Kids:  "Challenge accepted!"I lost... darn kids...All in all, this product is little more than an attempt by what I can only imagine as a bunch of pudgy, balding Disney Toy Execs to suck you in and buy more stuff.  This toy is annoying to assemble, flimsy at best, and requires a larger investment to even begin to enjoy.  Avoid.
This plane is fine, but within a week the propeller had come off and the paint is already chipping.  Poor quality for a $10 toy!!  Should be priced around $4.99....I also had the propeller issue on a couple of the other planes I bought at the same time. :( A sad 3 year old...just not the same without the propeller for him.
shame on me, i got a gift that i knew would be annoying and had no off switch.  so irritating.
It broke on landing pretty much right away.  We aren't too happy with this product.  It was fun, but didn't last long enough for any real enjoyment.  These things are going to have hard landings.  That's just the way it is.  Well, this didn't hold up to any kind of play time.  Don't waste your money.
Zoomer has been all she's asking for since October. So on christmas santa bought it for her. He was working fine for the first two days and other then her being a little upset that he didn't respond to her voice very well she was very happy until suddenly we were playing with him and spazzed out and then his eyes wen't blank. We tried charging him for most of the day and night and he still won't turned on. I feel as if i've been robbed, this toy is a piece of crap and my daughter is almost in tears and is extremely disappointed. I don't even think I can return him since she ripped the box into pieces almost with excitement....
While this Barbie is very pretty to look at, my daughter does not like to play with it. The skirt does not pop open as it is expected to. The skirt does not come off so it's not possible to change her outfit. The unremovable skirt is not why I have given this doll a low rating. It is because the button does not function properly and as a result, left my ordinarily very patient child very frustrated. Unless you are looking for a pretty display doll, I would skip this one if your child intends to play with it.
As the other reviewers said , the doll is stiff , the cloths are very cheap made. The hair is falling after 3 hours of my sister playing with it.I bought this one, after I refunded the old one: http://amzn.to/1pqZs3l (the exact same link I got it from)The new doll is very good, it can sing too :) , cloths aren't cheap and they are resistant. Buy it now through amazon and get fast and careful shipping : http://amzn.to/1pqZs3l
My 12-month-old daughter received two for Christmas from different family members. We had planned to try and exchange one, since we didn't have any receipts.She LOVED it. We had to keep it at setting 1, since she got upset when settings 2 and 3 got mad at her for playing "wrong" (very frustrating. As a parent, I HATE that!)But the first one broke within two weeks. The bottom of the bowl lowers to let the shapes out. It stopped lowering. It was already frustrating to play with, as the toy is a bit top-heavy, so I had to keep it standing as she played. And you have to press the button TWICE to get the bottom to lower, which is frustrating for the child. And for the parent, since *I* had to do everything for her.We hadn't yet returned the extra one, so since she was so upset her toy wasn't working, we opened it too. Straight out of the box it didn't work!I gave this two stars because my baby loved it. *I* would only rate it 1 star, personally. If it hadn't broken, I'd give it a 3, because the parent has to basically sit there and make it work, at least for the younger kids. And it makes negative sounds when the child puts the shapes in wrong in the extra settings.
Junk. Don't get me wrong, my kitten loved this toy! Too bad it only lasted one day.  A sturdy version would be great. Pass on this one.
I thought this would be small and cute for my 2 year old daughter.  But the shopping cart is too small to hold anything, the &#34;food&#34; that came with it was garbage and the market part is one button that beeps.  Would be better to buy a nice cart and a separate cash register.
I thought this would be a nice twist to the game. My girls wanted Operation and I thought they would like this better.. Well their old Operation game (that lost all the pieces so we got rid of it years ago) had noises and a built in game where it asked you to find certain pieces. This one does not. It just vibrates if you touch the side, nothing lights up and its very cheap.
The horse is so creepy when it moves, it's almost funny! Barbie had to give it a sort of heil salute, and then the creepy horse lurches into motion. The movement is jerky, and Barbie is kind of all learning with her arm raised like that.My daughter cried. What more can I say?
There are several things you should not do when playing this game. First its is an adults only game NO children. There are way too many personal adult questions and answers for even teenagers. Second is dont play with family members-the questions are way to personal. You tick off a relative you will never live it down. I played with 3 other friends who I could joke and have fun with. A few times we looked at each other and the questions and said &#34;Did they really just ask that?&#34;. We skipped a few of the questions when one of us was uncomfortable. We had a few laughs but not enough to say the evening was a success.Would try some other game.
I do really like card games.  This game is on coasters.  It comes in a nice box that makes a great presentation, but inside it's just coasters that are printed.  Each is just grey cardboard.  One side has the DEALBREAKER logo, the other side has the questions.There are 49 cards.  You are supposed to collect the most cards to win.  There are green cards and red cards.  You read the card aloud to the group, and then they guess to match you. If you guess correct, you get another card.  If it was your turn, you get cards for the number of matches.The main interest in this game is the conversation, but I don't particularly enjoy these sorts of questions.  It's a lot about dating.  I dunno who might like this, maybe teen girls or singles groups?  It is just a bit alien and yet somehow still boring to me.
My boys were excited about this until they actually started playing. It doesn't come with much. It stated that the warriors could be customized, but it was difficult to do - the arms didn't come off or go back on easily. The spinning metal blades are indeed dangerous - do NOT put fingers or hair anywhere near them, it will cause damage. Even after revving them up a few times, they don't spin or stay up for very long, not much of a "battle". My kids were bored stiff after a few rounds & off to do something else. I can't see older kids (like the teens portrayed on the box) being into this at all. This will collect dust. Not at ALL worth the price. I am stunned when I read reviews raving about this product.
Granddaughter didn't care for this doll since it's hair was a mess and couldn't be managed to her liking ;(
This set is a disappointment! By the box, you would think it would be loads of fun. Catapults, "destruction," forts and of course making the pieces with the clay and molds. What more could a boy want? Turns out, it is more fun to look at the box and imagine what fun it could be than to actually play with it and use it.The molds make tiny pieces - like lego sized. Imagine how many legos you would need to build a decent sized fort or any other structure. You only get 3 tubs of the sandy, gritty, odd feeling clay, and there are not enough molds to make enough pieces at one time to be able to construct a fort or worthwhile structure. I mean, you can make the various pieces, but it doesn't amount to much and it is hard to get the hardened clay out of the tiny mold formations. The mold strips are pretty rigid, so there is no twisting it to try and pop them out or release the sides.You are to let the clay in the molds overnight to harden. So, that makes this a long process of play.The play mat is just part of the cardboard box.When the catapult works, it overshoots the boulders because it is too strong/powerful for the little, lightweight boulders.There is a lot of anticipation that gets built up with this set and then is quickly destroyed. The kids had more fun just playing with the clay, squeezing it in their hands, marveling at the odd texture etc., than they did playing with the whole set as intended.This set is a bummer. Sorry Crayola.
PROS:  She comes with killer shoes and a cute bracelet. Both are removable. She comes with a neat stand so that she can be placed on display. Her face is beautiful. Her hair is lovely and thick.CONS: Like her dress? No? Too bad it can't be removed unless you cut it off. (It's actually attached in the front to her display.) And if you do, I'm not sure what you'd put her in that would fit or would allow her digital screen to be visible. She has an odd flat fronted figure and a wider body than the usual Barbie.I really hate that it seems to be that piercing a doll's head with plastic ties to hold her in place is becoming standard procedure. Maybe it's me, but I always end up with plastic stuck in the doll's head. Wire around the neck will be fine to hold her in position.Only her arms and her head move. She cannot sit because her display is in her middle. She cannot bend her knees or move her legs at all because the 2 AAA batteries used to power the display are in her legs.Learning how to work the display requires the instruction manual. So be sure not to loose it.2.5 STARS: This poor Barbie will not mingle with the other dolls. She can't sit and chat with them. Nor can she swap clothes with them. The only thing she can ever hope to be is their nightlight. My daughter played with it for a couple of days before putting her on her stand and abandoning her.
I just can't think much past the price in reviewing this item. The ship is a nice little toy, something a little one can be entertained by for a time here and there. But almost $50, and it doesn't even come with an Ariel or other figure? I just don't see where anyone could have come up with that price tag. As a reviewer I got this for free, but if I had to pay for it I wouldn't want to spend more than about $15. It just doesn't have, or do, enough to make it worth that cost. The toy itself is kind of neither here nor there - nothing wrong with it but nothing all that exceptional about it, either.
I have 3 little girls and they love to play with their barbies, so I ordered these dresses. They came sooner than expected and are very pretty. The biggest issue with them is that the inside of the seams are unfinished and therefore are fraying.....badly! The excess material catches in the Velcro backing. Even trimming it right down to the seam did not seem to stop this from happening. Also, the material is so cheap that all but 1 of the dresses have rips in the material after only a few days of play. I did not expect them to be a high quality item, however I did hope they would last more than a few days. They also do not fit any Barbie that didn't have the skinny hips. I gave them a 2 rating because they came quickly and my girls did get a few hours of joy out of them.
I was very excited to get this for my grandson so that he could entertain himself in the car or out at dinner without making a mess or requiring a bunch of different items that we would have the potential to lose or misplace. The drawing desk comes with four color markers (yellow, green, orange and hot pink), a wipe cloth, and an erasing sponge. The sponge and markers fit nicely into holder on the back of the desk but there is nowhere to store the wipe cloth. If your 3-year-old is anything like my grandson, it is certain that the wipe cloth is going to be misplaced or lost within a matter of days.My biggest complaint is the quality of the markers. What a disappointment. The colors are so faint that you can hardly see them. It's terrible. You are trying to draw or write and the color hardly shows up. My grandson has found more entertainment value out of using the erasing sponge. I have tried everything I can think of to get the colors to appear more vibrant but have had no success. My grandson keeps asking why the colors don't show up and gets frustrated with the process of trying to color and not seeing anything. If I had paid for this product I would return it immediately. Not worth the money. I gave it two stars only because I like the overall concept of the item. With all of its history and expertise in the production of COLOR, you'd think Crayola could make a marker with vivid color that would show beautifully on this special lap top.I have considered using washable markers or dry erase markers that I have for a white board but haven't done so yet because I am afraid of ruining the writing desk. But I am going to give it a try because it's not of much value as is.
If these kits came with torsos they would be better. But you can use this to repair a broken doll give the wig to the gargoyle boy in the frist monster high boy kit.
First, love the Nerf guns. Always have. Always will. Shiney.Second, it appears rather rugged, but it is not. By the second day, several of the darts started to tear. I have other nerf guns and other darts, and the ones we haven't lost yet are still in great shape. Not these. These are the new, larger mega darts. On one, the top came off. On another, the tail is shredded, due I believe, to the loading mechanism.Also, your old usual size darts will not work in this one. Not a deal breaker, because these darts make sound so, you know, cool.Further, the gun has now jammed with no way to get it to work. As this is a Vine product, I am not able to return it, but had this been a Christmas or other present I'd be pretty upset right about now.Not sure what happened, but I was expecting a lot of fun with this toy because when it worked, it was awesome. Not so much when it doesn't.
This Crayola Doodle Magic mat and Doodle Magic markers are admittedly a marvelous concept.  A mat that doubles as a canvas for young artists and a carrying case.  The mat is very sturdy, has a built-in area for supply storage, and the coloring surface can easily be wiped clean.  Unfortunately, the Doodle Magic markers have done a disappearing act.  We tried all four of them (why not more colors?) and was quite surprised when there were only faint markings when bright, vivid lines were expected.  I swiped my finger across these lines and they came up readily and didn&#8217;t even absorb into my skin.FEATURES:&#9658; Coloring mat features an easy-to-use, roll-out design&#9658;  Pick colors, doodle and erase&#9658;  Colors instantly erase from the surface with just one swipe&#9658;  Included hang loop to hang coloring mat on wall or door&#9658;  Includes storage for markers, eraser and cloth&#9658;  Marker and drawing surface system has a large 2&#8217; x 3&#8217; surface&#9658;  Includes: one coloring mat, one color eraser, one wipe cloth, four Doodle Magic markers (purple, orange, green, yellow)Yes, if you haveCrayola Dry Erase Markerson hand, they do work with this mat, however, the Doodle Magic Mat is being sold with the premise that the Doodle Magic markers are fully functioning.  Crayola will make good on the markers, but the Doodle Magic kit is simply no good without them.  There&#8217;s absolutely nothing magical about a kit that is not fully functional at the time of sale.CRAYOLA ART KITS:Crayola Ultimate Art Case with Easel ( Color May Vary )Crayola Super Art & Craft Kit - RedCrayola My First Crayola Ultimate Art KitCrayola Art Smock-Crayola Model Magic Jewelry StudioCrayola Ultimate Art Supply Case-Colors May VaryCrayola Marker Airbrush SetCrayola 200-Piece Masterworks Art Case
I bought this because it is for PS4, I didnt expect to run into poor quality graphics and gameplay with the PS4. I sold this game a week after I received it for $30. There is nothing unique about this game, with all of the war and shooter games out there, you got to step up the level of graphics, story line, etc to be a player. This game failed to do that and should not have been listed for sale initially at $59.99, it is worth about half that.
Bought it for my daughter but she has not even used it. Not very exciting for her age I guess, maybe better for kids younger than 9 years old. I use to love Shrinky Dinks as a kid but she shows no interest.
This is the first item that I have gotten from Crayola that the kids have not liked. The mat itself was cheap and the worst is the colors of the markers was very light and not dark enough. It was not a quick erase either-it took several times and I could not get it all off.Pass on this one!
For the money you spend on this toy, made in China for pennies, you would think they could've thrown in an off switch or volume control. It has been left alone in my daughters room for three hours and it's still making noise. I hope we won't hear it in the basement tonight!
i dont understand where the high ratings are coming from. its VERY short, very small. Id say it fits a 13 month old walker, max..the side attachment where you can fold it always comes loose and moves, causing my baby to stumble.
Wow, this is really one of the worst toys ever, and I feel I am pretty easygoing and forgiving when it comes to toy ratings. Talk about a pointless toy. You put the car on the &#34;stairs&#34; and then push it up to the top and let it go down where a big alligator chomps down on the car which the car tries to knock a piece of &#34;gold&#34; out of the alligator's mouth.Except all that part about the alligator? It doesn't work. Sure, if you manage to hit it just right, maybe it kind of grabs the car, and you're supposed to send another car (not included) to the rescue. That car hits the alligator in the eye to kind of reset the whole thing.If it worked and did something cool, that would be one thing. But it doesn't work the way it's supposed to very often, and what it doesn't isn't cool, it's just kind of pointless.Move along, move along -- there's nothing to see here.
My kids are nuts about Frozen (who isn't right now) so they were really excited to get the Elsa Castle Playset. It even comes with and Olaf doll - my favorite part.Out of the box the castle comes in numerous pieces and needs to be assembled. Here's where the problem lies. I found that many of the pieces did not hold when I snapped them together. The top of the turret piece won's stay on and the doors of the sides pop off frequently. This means that, a lot of the time, the castle is in pieces. The top turret piece is also integral for turning the ice piece in the middle - that basically doesn't work on ours.The play set comes with a couple of small pieces of furniture that do not amount to much.
This is a very good idea but very poor execution. I got this for my daughter for Christmas. We opened it to set it up for and what a piece of junk it is. It is very slow and choppy. The lag time alone will make any child become bored with it. It says you get one free download, but the option are very poor and you get to choose from 3 apps. Me and the wife spent 4 hours looking at the different apps in the leap frog App Store. The cheapest one we found was $5. More than 50% of the apps are $25. The apps are the same as the game cartridges you can buy at local store for about $15. You cannot turn off or block the App Store at all. For a 4 year old that was not a great idea. Anytime you transition from one app to another there is a 30 second delay for the thing to load. The graphics are very generic and the sound is horrible. We only had the item for 24 hours before we did return claim to amazon. Thank god amazon has great return policy. People please read the reviews before you buy and you will see they are all the same. I failed to do that and I payed the price. If you don't believe in reviews then go ahead and buy, but I will help you out here... www.amazon.com/returns  you will need to write this down.
3 year old daughter played with these for about 2 minutes before they went into that big pile of little McDonalds style toys.  Stocking stuffer mabye, but more than likely just a waste of money.
I could not find one redeeming quality about this product. The parts do not stay together, The dough doesn't go into the balls properly and you have to shove it in with your fingers, it falls off the sticks. we ended up baking brownies, cutting them up and forming balls and using Betty Crocker icing. Quick, easy and actually worked. I am horribly disappointed in this product. My 10 yr old was so excited to get this and it left a flat flat flat impression.
I brought this game to share with my special education students and they were beyond excited upon opening the box. This coloful activity set is very cute, and the students liked how they transformed. It is very basic, and beyond playing with the individual transformers in a creatively independent manner, the game isn't very interesting. After about 5 minutes the kids had become bored with the game aspect and went back to independent play.I have had other toys like this that were better received and held my student's interest. I would rate this as a very mediocre toy set, however it is very attractive to children at the outset. If you are looking for a throwaway toy, and in today's economic climate I can't imagine that to be the case, then this is the toy for you. Otherwise, look further.
I was excited about this product because it's the perfect compliment to the Disney Princess Songs Castle that my 15 month old loves, but I quickly became disappointed with it and my daughter became very bored with it's limitations. On the positive side, the stable was relatively easy to put together and only required a screwdriver for one piece and the rest snapped together. It's made of durable plastic and is very cutely decorated and comes with 2 horses/princesses (Aurora and Rapunzel). My daughter does love watching the horses klip klop down the ramps, but becomes frustrated with the fact that the horses legs get stuck in the ridges of the ramp and the fact that on the ramp there's a slide and the horses get stuck in that too.There really isn't much play option value in this other than the turn table that plays music while the horses sit on it and the horses (sorta) klopping down the ramps. The box boasts of music and lights but the only music that plays is at the front door slide and on the turn table. My biggest issue with it is that it's bulky and if you want to play with the turn table, you have to turn the entire monstrosity around and if you want to play with the slide you have to turn the whole thing around again. I think the price (about $40) is way too high for the limited amount of play options and that the cost of buying one additional horse/princess is also too high ($10). Yes watching the horse klop down is fun and cute for a while, but that's where the amusement ends. If you're looking for a versatile and fun Disney princess product, I recommend going withFisher-Price Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace. This is way more fun and the princesses talk/sing and my daughter loves it. This stable toy is just not up to par.
Please do not waste your money on this doll.  Frozen is a great movie, my daughter loves it as do I, but this doll is NOT NOT NOT worth this price.  I purchased this and Anna at the Disney Store and they were $16 each.  The dolls look just like the movie characters but they are not so spectacularly well made that you need to spend this amount.  Disney Store told me to check website and store on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Mondays for new shipments.  I did and they do restock every couple weeks.
If you are looking for a product to help make science fun keep looking!this is a bunch of odds and ends  --  the box weighs almost as much as the contents.If you are looking for science projects to do at home consider either4M Weather Station Kit--or--Naked Eggs and Flying Potatoes: Unforgettable Experiments That Make Science Fun
The idea of this game is neat.  Take classic Twister and infuse it with the ever popular (is it still popular?) Dance Dance Revolution and you have Twister Dance Rave.  Cool, right?  Not really.  Sadly, nothing outside of a simple idea was thought through here.  At the end of the day, there is a product that produces short term glee from some little kids and absolutely nothing from anyone over the age of six.  The conception of the game was fine, but the execution is a mess.And here is why.First, the unit itself only plays four programed songs.  These songs are fun, but gameplay can get VERY monotonous after a while with only four songs to choose from.  Now, there is an option to plug in your own music device (iPod or iPhone) and select any song from your music list.  This sounds, in concept, like a great idea.  The problem is that there are no programed dances to this random music and so you get random lights.  In other words, your dancing won't mesh with the flow of the song and so it becomes somewhat ridiculous to even bother.Another issue is the round plastic colored circles you are supposed to step on.  They are so flimsy that mid-song they are moving all over the floor, which makes gameplay near impossible.  My kids were yelling for me to pause the song so they could fix their circles.The most excitement they got from this was when the purple light came on and they could dance around anyway that they wanted to.If you want to use this as a kid's stereo (since you can play music through it) then whatever, but even at that, it isn't anything great.  These speakers don't produce the best sound.  It's clear, no distortion or anything, but these aren't `speakers' and so you'll get nothing special.  As a game, this is kind of a mess.  It just doesn't work.  I like that it got my kids active for ten minutes, but they can have more fun dancing in their rooms to the radio.
This kit is a rip off in a google era. It comes with a little and you have to supplement the ingredients. Also there is enough to use it only once.Sounds like fun but I'd skip this!
After about 6 hours, and a heartbroken child, we could not get this to connect or update on our new computer. After researching we found this is a common problem. Completely unacceptable.
My son quickly decided to move along. We got him this for Easter (he has 4 of the transformers this trailers and loves them) and seemed to be quickly annoyed that the cars didn't really stay put and that the trailer separates from optimums pretty easily. We were surprised it was so cheap, but when we got the toy we saw it wasn't as well made as we would hope. I would skip this.
I would not recomend this toy to anyone I thought it would be fun at first but the trains get stuck they dont send u all the peice so they u have to contact amazon they will tell u that u are getting it replace for free and can keep the broken product if ur kid is playing and wants to make it bigger from the new set they keep hounding u till you message them again and u tell them that u are getting the new for free other wise they may charge you, so that is why I give it a 1 star
A good idea to teach girls about math and engineering, but  avery cheaply made product. Why can't we just make unisex toys -primary colors and market to all children.
I had to purchase two sets to truly allow for creativity, which required me to spend twice as much as I was expecting to spend.
Because the Leap Pad that I was supplied with doesn't work -- The battery compartment is too large for the batteries & the batteries are consistently coming loose and the unit stops working -- I cannot really provide an accurate review. I've resorted to having to tape not only the battery compartment door, but also the batteries themselves (the LeapPad 2 is so full of tape, my granddaughter can't even put the stylus back into place properly because it's all taped up!).  I've reported this issue in my review of the Leap Pad 2.  I'm just being honest since I'm now REQUIRED to review this product.
Not what I expected for this price. I compared other sets at Walmart that contained a lot more items for 1/2 the price. Too late to send back at this time though.
Six balls that are the size of quarters package was dirty, will not buy this product again. Very disappointing!  Lost them very quickly they were so small!
This castle is made from a variety of stamped/extruded plastic pieces and some very thin cardboard with characters and decorations printed on both sides.  There are two floors and three wall sections made from the thin cardboard, and they are barely held to the castle along the edges by plastic nubs that extend about 1mm over the cardboard.  As you can imagine, this retention system means that the cardboard keeps popping off when exposed to toddler levels of gentleness.  Also, the castle is quite a bit taller and wider than it is deep, so it tends to tip over very easily.My daughter (22 months) is certainly drawn to the bright pink castle with all of its Disney themed illustrations, and surprisingly enjoys playing with it according to the directions (by which I mean, the directions indicate that playtime consists of taking the flags off the castle, and replacing them, which seemed to me an anemic sort of fun when I read the directions, but is exactly what she enjoys doing).  But she gets frustrated and upset when she accidentally puts her hand through the side of the castle, dislodging the cardboard and trapping her wrist between the cardboard walls and the unfinished seams of the stamped plastic pieces.  They're not sharp enough to do any harm, but the sensation of being handcuffed to a castle is apparently unpleasant for a toddler.
I'm not really sure what this toy adds to the already over-saturated market of toy vehicles. At least in this starter kit, the only thing you can really change out is the wheels, to make a ridiculous looking hoopty wagon. It's not very exciting for a child. The other pieces you can buy are other trim pieces and accessories that really have no context for a child so I can't imagine a child being very excited to add it to his vehicle. The various sets are too overpriced to be a simple toy, but lacking in too much detail to be models. I don't really understand the point of this toy, nor does my son.  I also don't understand the rave reviews. The kit contains a couple of wooden cars, one set of wheels you can alternate, and a couple of light bars you can stick to the front of each car. It takes less than 5 minutes to do all the modifications this kit (self contained) can allow, and if all the kid is then left to do is drive the cars around, these cars aren't any more desirable for that purpose than any other toy cars on the market.I appreciate that they're wooden, but that's really the only thing we appreciated about this toy. I gave it high marks for durability.Disclaimer: I received this product for free as part of the Amazon Vine program. The opinions are my own. I received no other compensation.
Looks like the picture however right away I noticed the back pack piece just sort of falls off. Of course my child doesn't want to part from it now that he has it but it did not seem like it was worth the amount I paid unless somehow it was damaged in shipping. I doubt that due to the fact the box was in great condition... A little disappointed.
I WANT to recommend the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader but I'm having a REALLY, really hard time doing that.  The storybook reader basically acts as an iPod case that protects your gadget from your toddler's slobber and sticky, icky hands and correctly oriented, it also keeps your baby from pressing the "o" or home button. The case is colorful and the handle doubles as a teething ring but... that's the extent of the product.  Really.The creamy filling of the product is supposed to be the app that you can download from the app store that really makes the product an educational and fun filled experience.  The fatal flaw with this is that you can download the app for free without actually purchasing the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader.  The apps can be found here for further review: [...]This isn't to say that Fisher-Price shouldn't get your support because they should.  They created a very nice, educational and entertaining app to go with this case. But I'd suggest you keep that $20 and purchase another one of their excellent toys instead.
Product Development Meeting:Product Development Head: Okay, now that I have presented my plans for the Arial floaty toy, are there any ideas anyone may have to improve this product?Random Product Developer #1:  Yeah!  (Raises hand and bobs head excitedly)Product Development Head:  Go ahead.Random Product Developer #1: Let's put holes on top of it!!!!Random Product Developer #2:  (Jumps out of seat and shouts)  OMG THAT'S AN AMAZING IDEA!!!!Product Development Head:  What?  That's absolutely absurd, why would you put holes on a flotation toy?Random Product Developer #1:  I don't know, it just sounds like a great idea!Product Development Head:  Well...  It doesn't make any sense, but I can't argue with your logic...  Okay let's do it!!!!----------------------------------------------Sounds like a ludicrous scenario?  Well after using this toy, you'll probably feel like that's how they came to the decision to put holes on top of the toy base as well!  You can probably imagine what happens to this toy within a minute of play...  IT BECOMES THE TITANIC!Love the toys look, it's cute, it's fun, it's Ariel!  Seriously though guys...  I have a 30yr Gilligan Island toy that STILL to this day floats great, and straight out of the box this one is a sinker...  Somethings really wrong with that.Oh who who am I to complain?  It's cute and the squirter works great (until it sinks in to oblivion after a few squirts that is)!  But where's Flounder at?God Bless ~Amy
The picture on the box was blurry, one would think that would have been my first clue.  The markings were not the same as on an actual rainbow loom.  I turned to Amazon because I could not find these in the stores where I live before Christmas.  These two broke the day after Christmas so I took my girls to Michael's and we bought them the real ones.  Huge difference in quality and when this is sitting beside the real one the differences are glaringly obvious.  No rainbow loom markings, the arrow is not red, the width is different, the plastic feels different.  Definitely not a happy purchase for me.  When I bought these fakes they were $19.99, which was more than I paid for the real ones when I ended up buying them.
I really have no idea why, but this Derpy appears to be in really rough condition.  It's dirty, scratched and poorly put together (there is glue all over it and the tail looks like it's split in two pieces.  The head is sloppily glued on...terrible.  It was a Christmas gift for my 12 year old daughter so it isn't like she didn't notice these things right away...
My kid's preschool throws a party for the child (parents pay) and give a small present.  I begged them not to give playdough yet again, as it gets into every crevice in our house...so they gave this instead.As soon as you touch the thing, the filings all fall off.  You can place the filings in position, but then need to keep the thing in exactly that, horizontal position.  So boring and frustrating.I gave much better things to the guests at my daughter's birthday party at home, in their goodie bags.  Don't buy this trash.
This is poorly made- we never did get it to work. My 3year old was so disappointed which made me feel bad. We sent it back and got a refund.
There is no doubt that &#34;Hunger Games&#34; made this product insanely popular.  However, it is terrible.  Does not shoot far, is to expensive, and basically is terribly underperforming.  Look to the &#34;hunterZ&#34; series if you want a decent nerf bow.
I bought this helicopter because it had good reviews.  My son used it for a couple of hours when our remote just stopped working all of a sudden. I replaced the battery but to no avail.  It was still dead.  I'm not sure if this was a fluke but is very frustrating since it was a Christmas gift.
The picture implies a nice assortment of colors. My granddaughter received 3 bags of only blue, purple, pink, and white. If I can find an efficient way to return them, I will.
My husband let me buy this for myself for my birthday. I opened it today and discovered that it takes 6 AA batteries. OK, that's a lot, but no worries because I always have batteries. Then I discovered that I have to let it charge for an hour, but that hour of charging only gives me 6 minutes of flying time. 6 minutes? Really? I was annoyed, but whatever. So I charged it once for exactly an hour, it worked for 2 minutes, and now it won't charge again. I'm so disappointed. I'm sending it back tomorrow. Also, the directions don't make sense and are full of grammatical errors.
Purchased for my 3 year old grandson he loves Daniel Tiger but never really played with the Trolley. Disappointed, expected more when I purchased it. Really nothing to it.Overpriced!!
Waste of money!! Only lasted a few months.
looking into getting a new battery to see if that fixes to short fly time.  first flight was about 4 minutes but after second charge and try it was 1 minute tops.  also the directions said that you need to wait like 45 minutes before charging between flights.  was a good price with good reviews so was hoping for the 6 minutes of flight time to have a chance to try out the video and camera feature.  also the camera does not want to stay in place.
I loved all the little pieces, but unfortunately the stethoscope was dead on arrival and there is no way to change the battery on it.  So, i had to return it and am now at square one to find a good medical kit for the kiddos.
Oh wow, where do I begin? My son, a veteran of multiple RC helicopters, including several Air Hogs products, couldn't wait to try this out with his father's help. After waiting impatiently for this slightly-larger than softball-sized sphere to be fully charged, they tried it out and ... Nothing. They could get it to buzz and spin and fall over, but not hover. OK, mom to the rescue after taking the radical step of reading the directions. I could get it hover slightly (maybe 1/4" off the ground), but that was all. Maybe it needed to be charged even longer?OK, so four-hour charge and we try it again. So, now it will fly, sort of, but it more frequently spins out of control and crash lands. We both got hit multiple times--you have to hold it in your hand to start--and this puppy packs a wallop, plus the blades keep spinning the whole time; they hurt, too. On one of those occasions my husband tried to grab it to keep it from hitting the dog and it actually tore off a piece of his fingernail, leaving a blood blister under the remaining nail bed. (This is no joke, he might lose the nail. It's black and looks awful.) And since it only worked for, I'd guess, about 10 minutes, that was a lot of injuring in a short time.So, to sum up. This thing barely works. And, when it KIND OF does, it's totally uncontrollable. We never even handed it over to our kiddo. This was all with adults at the control and after fully reading all the directions. We never got it to perform as advertised and succeeded only in getting very frustrated, and slightly injured.Just a bad, BAD toy, and one of the very few I'm sorry we even tested.
This device is a second one for me. I purchased an original from China.Xheli semt me a trashy low class damaged one that would not even liftoff the ground. Never buy one from them. The center shaft of the lowerblade holder slips on the drive shaft and never lasts for long.I modified mine and it flies like a real acrobatic chopper. The onesthat they are selling are trash.
Rubber bands are so expensive, buy the real thing.  Each package that I received that said &#34;600 bands&#34; was about half the size of the rainbow loom packages.  It is cheaper to just buy the real thing because you actually get what you pay for.In addition to receiving less than 1000 bands, I also had several that broke right when putting them on the loom.  The colors look like they came from the office store.  They have that bland finish.  Not the shiny finish that would make these more comfortable to wear on your arm.Skip it! Wish I would've.
There is not enough suction to push the "food" through the dog. My 8 year old is very dissapointed that we have to return one of his christmas gifts. very poor quality.
First i have two of these lugs of plastic, why because I fell for Mattel and their adult collector tricks. This car is plastic,a hollow soulless piece of plastic.For sixty plus bucks "adult" collectible, you get garbage. Check everyone else's reviews on YouTube, same exact things I will say.This is crap, only worth 20 dollars. How can Mattel charge $60? Because they can! No die cast metal; adult collectible means high quality, but this is cheap plastic car, with no metal, no lights, no sounds; where's my theme music.Skip this and save 60 bucks, wait for a better quality version. Even if you waited Mattel will charge 200 dollars for their next version(ie Semi Diecast Ghostbusters car than no one preordered so they canceled), why you may ask, because they can.When I read other Amazon reviews,I ask myself "what are these other guys reviewing?" They seem to be reviewing their nostalgia rather than the product. Look, it's as bad as claim, Mattel has taken advantage of the fans, they're probably getting a kick out of collectors and fans gobbling their garbage up. Reading peoples "reviews" on Amazon, I would chuckle all the way to the bank driving my BMW too..I wanted this all my life but this was a real disappointment. I wish I could say go and get this, but it's so poorly handled. Sadly it comes down to cost vs worth. Is $60 worth it, and the answer is a resounding, heck no! As a fan of Adam West and Burt Ward and the '66 Batman series, I am saddened that this is what Mattel thinks of its fans; they can OVERCHARGE what they want for junk and because we have no one else to buy it from, eventually we'll break down and get it, because nostalgia is their only selling point.
Can't believe Amazon is still listing this as one of the best toys for spring.  I got an E-mail and decided to investigate.  With so many negative comments about the counterfeit products, it amazes me that they still are advertising this product.  I won't be buying it any time soon!
As others have mentioned, this playset is not very well made. The plastic is cheap and the design isn't the best. With that being said- it's Disney. That's the big &#34;Pro&#34; to this thing. It's licensed and it features a Disney character that my daughter loves. My daughter is 3 1/2 and enjoys playing with it in the bath. However, I question how long it will last. At $20 it's not very expensive, so take your chances.
I can say this is one of the worst Nerf products I bought. I can't even pull the trigger for distance , it maxes out for 5 feet distance of the "arrows". If I can't pull the trigger how can my little sister who's 10 years younger than me. I am really sorry I bought this product and made my sister wait so long for it.After I refunded it, I bought the Blazin' Bow, although it's not so girlish its a hole lot better. It is worth the 2$ difference between the two products. Buy it from amazon for the best shipping speed and careness: http://amzn.to/1ikwjpD .
Was extremely disappointed that I paid $10-$12 for this on Amazon, only to be walking thru Wal-Mart a few days later and saw it for $4.88. I LOVE Amazon and always feel I get a great deal. And clearly shop for convenience. But in this case, I was cheated. The game was a gift, so I can't rate how great or bad it is. I'm basing my 1 star rating on price alone. And I'll feel completely cheap if the recipients of the gift see this in Wal-Mart. Someone is selling a Doc McStuffins one on here for $22.00. TWENTY TWO DOLLARS. Wal-Mart....$4.88.
Cheap and I did not plan to let my toddler show up at school with it.  Paid for logo, of course
the suction cups don't stick, the cup wont stay tilted up to fill, the fire ring gets pulled off immediately, and the button the release the car doesn't work.  All around everything about this toy doesn't work and is in the garbage after only 2 weeks, destroyed.
The AtmoSphere looks like a blast from the box. Sounds like a "levitating" ball that will follow your hand.Ok, so obviously I knew it didn't levitate. I could see the propellers, I knew it was a miniature gyro-copter in a ball. What I didn't expect was how hard this thing would be to control. I tried for 30 minutes. Put it down to recharge. Came back later. Nope, still impossible. I have experienced Air Hog products in the past and thought maybe I need to calibrate something. Nope, nada, zilch for instructions on what to do if it won't stay above your hand.I should note that our initial experiments were in the kitchen. Wide open, no breeze, and still the AtmoSphere would just take off which ever way it felt like going.We have since tried it outside, and that was a disaster.Playing with the AtmoSphere is like playing catch with someone that purposely throws the ball away from you every time they throw it.Overall: 1 Star. Disappointing.
My daughter loves Ariel so I was so excited to get this...what a disappointment! First of all, the upright piece that holds the swing hooks into the base does not stay in place and when you try to push Ariel in the swing, the whole piece spins around. Also, the pieces are made of very thin plastic and are low quality. Ariel is much smaller than the picture indicates. Her bra is literally glue with glitter on it, which chips off after a few uses!The fish do squirt water but the "fountain" piece is inconsistent with squirting water; sometimes when you squeeze the purple shell to squirt water, nothing comes out and when it does, it sprays in every direction, getting water in the child's face and on the floor. The tubing that feeds water from the shell pump to the squirters is impossible to get all the water out of.But the worst thing about this toy is that it doesn't stay floating on top of the water like it's supposed to for very long. If water goes up the slide, the base gets flooded and the whole thing sinks and falls apart! Don't buy this - it's a waste of money and Ariel sure does end up under the sea at the bottom of the bath tub!
Other than being a huge protective shield for your iphone, I really saw no value in this product. My phone already has a protective case and screen protectors on. This huge toy just adds another layer to that.Not very useful or that much fun to my toddlers, and a huge space hog in their toy bin.
does not work on any barbie that we have..we have barbies from 1992 to present..does not fit around the waist of any barbie
I really wasn't impressed with this toy.  Putting it together is not fun because there are only a handful of parts and then those parts keep falling off, including the wheels.  Even the parts of the wheels that came attached fall off about every third time you pull the car back.  Also, the pink part attaches by pushing down and then sliding it forward.  If it comes lose (slides back) it rubs against the wheels and they will not spin.
The hypes about this product, designed by female engineer to inspire girls to be engineers/mathematicians, far exceed the actual usability of the product.  I literally cannot understand the 4- or 5- star reviews.I am an engineer and I do want my daughter to be interested in engineering/math.  From an engineering standpoint, this is an exceptionally poorly designed product.  The axle/pegs can stick pretty tightly in the pegboard, causing difficulty removing them.  All those little axles standing up on the board is a hazard.  Image your child running around, trip & fall face down on the board.  Serious injuries can result from this.  The animal figurines do not sit securely on the wheels; they pop out rather easily.  Same thing with the crank, resulting in lots of frustration.  The cube blocks don't do a good job of holding the axle.  The ribbon limits the fun factor and ease of creating more complex designs.  The list goes on.  Initially, my daughter was VERY excited to play with this set; however, her excitement evaporated quickly due to these short comings.Recommendation: no purchase.  get the T&K; physics set, T&K; CHEM C1000, Snap Circuits, Be Amazing big bag of science, etc.
Package says 6 count but mine only included 5 balls.  Also did not receive the mix of balls pictured.  Mine were all the one-eyed version which aren't as cute in person than the other one.  They bounce well (standard bouncy ball) but are going back based on the product errors.
I like to be mint on card and the cardboard on this was completely horrible wanted to replace it but wasn't given an option only complete refund was refund within a couple days got one off of ebay in excellent condition  for around $20 total
What cheap knock-off of the HAPE All Season Dollhouse. The only positive thing I can say about it that they did a garage door, which HAPE house is missing.
We have loved Steven Spangler's science projects. He is the guy that started the mentos and diet coke craze that was so fun. I have purchased products from his website in the past. I even attended a brilliant brithday party where all the activities were Steven Spangler science activities. So I had really high hopes.But rather than being a fun science kit, this ends up being really a sales sampler of products. There isn't enough to really do anything with. And while the products are fun, the scientific value is less than the entertainment value. I would recommend the Be Amazing Big Bag of Science over this.That is really disappointing because we have loved this brand in the past.
At first glance this is a cute and durable toy, but the colors really seemed aimed at girls. Toddler boys might actually play with this if it wasn't mostly pink and purple. The sound effects are cute, but may discourage kids from making up their own songs. After a very short while, parents might be tempted to take the battery out. The toy parents are stereotypical, middle-class Caucasians. The mom has blonde hair and a pink shirt and the dad has brown hair and a V-neck sweater. We're giving it a 1 for educational value because you may want to think about the message this is really teaching your kids. If you want to expand your toddler's horizons, choose one of the other sets. (As the box shows,the non-Caucasian toy kids don't have a house; they appear only in the playground and the grocery store sets.)
Our family loves playing UNO, and I thought this version would be especially fun for my active 5yo son. Unfortunately, what I thought would be some fast-paced fun turned into an incredibly annoying experience! This game is SO LOUD. It's just too much. I searched in vain for a volume button, of course there isn't one. The game itself is also just unnecessarily complicated. I was really disappointed! The traditional UNO game is simple and fun, and about 1,000 times better than this "new and improved" version of it. Save your money, some batteries, and your sanity and stick with the regular deck of cards!
My nieces really liked the pictures of the Disney princesses and looked forward to coloring them.  However, they were disappointed that their coloring kept smearing. The colors took way too long to dry and easily smeared if touched or rubbed on something. And now that I am looking at the pictures they colored several weeks ago, they look awful. The colors look dull and grainy. All the glitter is gone. The only &#8220;glitter&#8221; left  is on the silver background.So just consider this a temporary art&#8230; color the pages and then throw them out. You will not want to save these because there is nothing worth saving.
These Leappad products are definitely kid proof. This model has replaceable and rechargeable batteries which is nice. The Ultra version batteries are not user replaceable which is a big downside of that model. Battery life is good, I'd guess about 10 hours or so. Our son uses them on long car trips without them losing power.We have two Leap Pads. One is this LeapPad2 model and the other is the Ultra (free to us as Vine members). As far as the product itself they are fine and the biggest advantage of them is they are very sturdy and kid proof. Our 4-year-old son has put them both through the test, hitting the screen very hard with the stylus, getting the screen wet and putting his food covered fingers on the screen. They clean up and perform perfectly.The apps are mostly pretty good, one big advantage is they are voice directed so if the little on can't read they still can use the apps. I must say our 4-year-old learned the alphabet by himself with the LeapPad in about a week.The really big downside, and the one that makes me mark it two stars, is the apps are way too expensive. Some can be had for about $5 but they are far from the best apps. Many of them are $25. Yes you can often find sales but that takes 10-20% off the price reducing the $25 apps down to perhaps $20 - still very expensive.In an era when you can buy a 7&#34; tablet (not kid proof) for under $100 and load it up with good apps which are anywhere from free to $5 I just can't see spending the outrageous prices for the leap apps. I'm guessing it is a matter of volume. If LeapFrog sold in huge volume like tablet apps do then the prices might come down.Purchase a dozen apps for the LeapPad and you've likely spent upwards of $200.We have purchased a few apps for the LeapPad but tend to buy way less expensive apps for our smartphones and let our son play with them. The LeapPad is used less and less now. We will likely buy our son a 7&#34; tablet next.
I opened the box and was pretty surprised at how few items came in this kit. You get 2 plastic cups (think red party cup, only clear, and smaller), a small scoop, 3 condiment cups (plastic, disposable cups you get for salsa at the burrito place), one lid for the condiment cups, super cheapo tiny plastic volcano, a ring pop ring (without the pop), a wooden skewer, a single pipe cleaner, a baggy of borax powder, a baggy of epsom salt, a tiny gummy bear sized polymer dolphin, a baggy of salt, 5 pH strips (and mine looked like they've already been wet), a baggy of "snow powder" (sodium polycrylate), and a tiny baggy of teensy-weensy polymer spheres. Oh! And "recipe cards".There is only enough stuff in your box to do the experiment once. Plus, you have to supply all the other stuff (like a bowl, scissors, fruit juice, unflavored gelatin, gallon sized baggies, evaporated milk, gloves, rock salt, dry ice, baking soda... you get the picture). Several of the experiments listed don't even have anything used out of the kit! One is just a recipe for chocolate cake! All of these experiments can be found on the internet for free.Don't buy this. The included ingredients/supplies are easily and cheaply acquired.
$125 for a chunk of plastic? Seriously!?! Why would anyone in their right minds pay this much for a $35 toy? I think I'm going to wait this one out. I'm guessing it'll come down once the Elsa craze is over.
I have never met a child that didn't like these toys, and seeing how our boy dog was slaughtered by my middle child being sick (this isn't a toy you can just put in the wash), we decided to get the female version for Christmas.I had forgotten just how annoying this one is to parents.  It's even better since the off button on the foot restarts it's whole spiel all over again.  =P  Something in there isn't working correctly.  I have a feeling this one might &#34;accidentally&#34; end up in the wash.
Very tiny. Wings on minimus keep falling off. Bought for my five-year-old daughter who played with it for about a minute. Overpriced.
It was an awesome gift for my 3 year old son until about 2 weeks later when the lights stayed on, would not change color and finally ran the battery dead.  I'm very disappointed because this, in my opinion, was not a cheap gift. I also bought a penguin dream Lite for my 7 year old step daughter and 1 week later it did the same thing.
I'm of the opinion if someone has a good idea then they should try and create something that works.This is a waste of time and money. The cake batter doesn't make into balls, doesn't fill evenly, doesn't stick to stick.You can forget about putting icing on the cake balls they fall apart. My son and I ate the cake balls off the table after they fell apart. YUM. so after first batch made i asked my son if he wanted to make another batch. &#34;no, you can throw it away!&#34;DONE!Know i should try and get a refund but oh well
The glitter is barely noticeable unless you do a really large area and stand back some. Otherwise they are just regular sidewalk chalk sticks. Kind of  let-down.
Really had such high hopes for this toydd is a HUGE frozen fanand we have many of the dollsso thought this would be a great addition to her collectionfirst it is soooo frustrating because the two sides do not really stay &#34;locked&#34; in place when playing with itthe balcony side oh just forget trying to keep that side in placethen trying to get Elsa up to the top the way it is intendedugh does not really work the little elevator part just keeps falling out and offthen trying to get Elsa to sit on her chairanother pain in the buttit is a cute idea just falls flat to acutally be played withmy daughter loved the fabric of the dressinstead of it being plastic like the mini dollsthat is another thing the other snap fit dolls they can not be used with this setthey are bigger than the doll in this setnow olaf he is super cute and the doll itself is so cutebut honestly i would take the money and get something elsei can see a younger child getting really frustrated and upsetso basically this thing will be used more as a decoration for her room
Graphics are solid, but outside of that the game is generic and boring.  The game play is sloppy and the controls feel like you  are moving a tank.  The story is just awful and makes no sense.  Very disappointed.
Grandma purchased this for my daughter's third birthday (which we celebrated today).  Initially I thought, what a great product for Gr33nilina to practice drawing portraits of yours truly.  In theory, she could erase her mistakes prior to showing her daddy.  However when she showed me her first attempt I was shocked.Was this little girl of three messing with me?  There was nothing on the mat!I leaned in close, and lo did I discover the faint, ghost like image of a four-headed monster....I will deal with my daughter about her monstrous representation of me later.  I snatched the markers from her and began using them myself.  My results with the markers can only be described as: CRAPOLA.In fact, it should be called Crapola Doodle Magic No-Color Mat.These markers DO NOT WORK.  They are the HealthCare.gov of the coloring product aisle.  Why roll out a product that doesn't work as intended (or as the commercial shows!)?  Easy - because Crayola can make money off your children's hopes and dreams.Parents skip this product.
This product seemed like a great idea to me---a plastic floor mat that you could color on with Color Magic markers.  My daughter has recently gotten quite into coloring, and always is wanting more paper and bigger paper, so this seemed like it would be a terrific way to give her that and then be able to erase and reuse the surface.  Well, it WOULD have been great...Basically, the Color Magic markers just don't show up on the plastic.  You can just barely, barely see where you color.  And that is after the about 5 second delay there always is with Color Magic markets to see any color at all, making it very frustrating for young artists even when you CAN see the colors.  But in this case, anything we colored looked like the long ago shadows of something written on a whiteboard and erased---like the hint of an old picture left over.  The box shows kids coloring vivid pictures, and there is no way on earth you could do that with these markers.The set also included a little eraser---sort of the shape of a razor with a liquid in the handle that went onto a little sponge-like area where the razor surface would be.  This was supposed to erase what was colored, once you primed it.  It's ironic that always the colors barely showed up, this erase did very little to erase the minor bit of color there was.  It worked much better to use the enclosed washcloth, even dry.I'm trying to think of some positive here.  The mat did have good storage areas for the markers and washcloth, and it rolled up well.  IF the colors had worked, it would be a good product.  I wish they had.
This arrived from Amazon as a birthday present for our three year old. It was missing 3 essential pieces, the two posts that support the toy and the zip line. It was a big disappointment for our daughter.IT IS CLEAR FROM OTHER REVIEWS THAT THIS IS A COMMON PROBLEM. AMAZON SHOULD NOT CONTINUE TO SELL THIS TOY UNTIL THE PROBLEM IS RESOLVED.Finally, if they are able to resolve the problem of missing pieces the current Amazon price of $13.60 is OK (but I feel still on the high side considering what you receive), the suggested list price of 47.99 is insane.
I received this RC Helicopter and had high expectations it would be a blast...  No so much... The remote needs to be a mode four to operate like all the other remotes/aircraft I own about 55 and counting so far... I have never heard of mode four before this F45 purchase... A better R C Helicopter is the WL Toys V912 this is a work of art.. I own four and they are fast, fun and have flight times of 7 to 9 mins... They seem to recharge fast as well... There is a RC Heli called the V913 it is the same size as the F45 , but it flies better it's not as fast as the V912 and for me not as much fun....
Great concept but everyone in our family thought it was difficult to operate. There is lag time between when you tilt and the plane follows your request so it runs into everything. Since it needs constant readjusting and never gets far before its jammed up in something my kids lose interest fast!
If you're deciding on whether or not to get this figure? First understand that it's a repaint of the 2012 Extremis Iron Man Marvel Legend from the Terrax Series. That being said, while they did a good job with the repaint? This is not really the Iron Patriot as how he appears in the comics, it's not accurate at all; the legs, gauntlets, and hips are significantly different from how they appear on this figure.Speaking of the figure? The hip joints are ATROCIOUS! Because of a design flaw? You can literally not make this figure lift his legs at all, so the ability to pose this figure are severely restricted. Everything is seems okay, articulation is pretty basic for a Marvel Legend figure, but the hip joints completely ruin this figure.This toy also comes with the torso for the Iron Monger.Unless you're building the Iron Monger? Pass on this toy, especially if you already have the Extremis Iron Man from 2012. There are simply too many problems with this figure for me to recommend it.
I was pretty disappointed in this. A cardboard base, weird play dough stuff, and while I was hoping at least for a decent catapult, it wasn't.  A terrible waste of money.  My son and I were interested in it for about 3 minutes before we both decided it was just a bunch of junk.
Crayola Doodle Magic Lap Desk is a grand idea but unfortunately, the markers are awful. I thought they were dried out but bought some more and they were the same on this set. My 3 year old grandson played with it and mostly enjoyed the way you had to prime the eraser to remove the color from the slate. It is a sturdy toy and fits nicely on his lap but is so disappointing not having markers that color brightly!
Sometimes reviews for kids toys such as this are difficult.As an adult you look at issues like cost, quality, durability, ease of use, whether a toy will be valued and treasured long enough to justify what you paid for it, etc.  Kids, however, generally either like or dislike a toy--and that's that :>)So, this toy arrives via the amazon vine program.  I am to provide a fair and impartial review.  Here goes:1st impression: wow, that's a big box, I bet this is going to be a great toy!2nd impressio:, box opened and for $50 you get a lot of little pieces of plastic to put together.  For $50 there should be an Ariel and Eric doll included.3rd impression: the instructions aren't very good and a couple of pieces do not stay affixed like they should--anticipate trouble down the road with durability once in play4th impression: she's going to love this!Now that the toy is "in play" I can say that my biggest issue is the price.  This is a $20 toy, period.  I took off 2 stars for that.  My 5yr old granddaughter enjoys it, but it isn't on her favorite toy list.  I bought her a mermaid Barbie from a discount store to use in the ship, so cost would be at $62 to play this set within it's "theme".  It would have cost closer to $70 with an Ariel doll.Like most little girls, mine loved all the little pieces to play with--arranging and rearranging them and making up stories.  She liked that the ship opened to become Ariel's bedroom.  However, had I not bought the added mermaid doll she would not have played with it as much...and she is still asking for an Eric doll like "in the picture"...sigh.  That would put this playset at $100 and that is just crazy for a bunch of cheap plastic.  I took off 1 star because this isn't well made or durable.Nutshell, granddaughter likes it, but I would never have paid $50 for this.
This game is okay. The box suggests 18 years old as players but there's no "adult" questions that I came across. I'd say it's a game for as young as 15, but Deal Breaker is an icebreaker game.The cards are on coasters so you can play at a bar. Each coaster has two questions in regards to blind, normal, or engagement relationships and dates. Half the cards are green and read "all good" on the back and the rest are red with the game logo...This is where design loses. There's no rules, but basically a player asks a question and everyone shows a red or green side. Then they explain the why. From a design standpoint, this should have been all red cards with the logo. As a discussion game no points are given so really no "color scoring" is needed. Generally you'll answer and move on. EDIT: It seems my set had no instruction coaster.. but my method with six or seven friends was still okay with his we did it.I noticed while flipping through 80% or more of the questions are seemingly designed to reveal judgemental friends as the questions are targeting disabilities of one form or another, how open the answerer is to body mods or "weird" people, personal appearance and fat shaming (potentially.. there's a couple of minor overweight questions but nothing like eighty+ overweight ones).Two of the oddest questions were paraphrased as "They're a ventriloquist. They sound great... but VENTRILOQUIST, GUYS!" and "They want you to pray nightly with them...but as game makers we don't want to offend nonreligious players, so...the prayer is to symbolize your relationship...no, no, not their deity or something."For my group, the questions lend themselves overall to creative embellishments, like: "Why wouldn't you date a ventriloquist, maybe they rob banks with highly trained animals!" or "Since they revealed they're in witness protection, they're dumb, because I'm a mob assassin, so I do em in on the spot."So yeah it's ok for ten minutes but it's not a great game night opener like Cards Against Humanity or the like.
The copter constantly rotates on it's axis despite constant trim adjustments with the trim switch and left joystick. This is very annoying when trying to maneuver with any accuracy.I played with this for several hours but cannot resolve the problem. I believe the issue is with the remote controller.After about 12 flights, the left front motor burned out.Update: Red Rock USA gladly sent me a replacement motor. However, after installing it this weekend, (with difficulty), I found that the related control circuit for that motor also shorted so that the motor runs full speed as soon as I connect the LiPo battery.Now I need a replacement receiver board to get it flying!I'm afraid I can't recommend this quad at all as it appears to require a lot of replacement parts and labor to keep flying.
So, at two stars, Amazon's star system says &#34;I don't like it.&#34; That pretty much sums up my feelings towards this game. It's a game of arguing. Sure, there's some logic, roleplay, and deception too, which might be really fun for some people. But I just do not enjoy this game in the least. The only fun part about it is hanging out with friends and I prefer doing that without this game. I will play this on occasion because I don't want to be 'that guy' who doesn't want to play the game everyone else is playing. But, I can honestly say, I have not once enjoyed myself. Give me a euro game any day over this. Or give me a proper party game, like telestrations. Give me an intro game, like Ticket To Ride.That said, I find most people like this game. But I'm not alone. I've met others who don't like it for the same reasons I don't, though we're definitely in the minority (guessing 10%). So, based on that, you'll probably like this game. But you might have a friend like me, who really really wishes you'd just play something else. Just keep that in mind when you are on your 3rd game of Resistance in a row :P
This fashion pack series is the poorest looking that have been released for Monster High dolls.The dress itself looks quite nice althoug very simple, I use to not like one sleeved dresses but in this case the only sleeve is a trasparent tulle so that's fine.The sunglasses are the same that came in previous Spectra's fashion pack.The shoes are the same that came with Clawdeen Gloom Beach doll, but those are hot pink with a golden chain and these ones are all silver instead.The belt is a nice addition, and I'm not sure if the mold have been previuosly used.Every character is supposed to have an unique style, but Spectra's outfit comes with accessories that have been previously used by other girls for their own style instead.
I expect markers to mark. If you are selling markers this should be the main thing that they do. The markers on this toy do not work well. Sure they mark, supposedly only on the pad (though they marked my shirt) they left very faint colors on the pad. It was almost like they had no ink in them. They were faint and hardly able to be seen.Pros:Fits on kids lapon board storage for markers (underneath)Storage for markers on topKids seem to enjoy wiping with included cleaning toolCons:Cannot see colorsNo on board storage for cleaning toolMarkers smell awfulMarkers do indeed mark other things other than board.Overall, not worth the money. Crayola should stick to their crayons which are still the best out there.
Maybe we're not the target audience, but overall, no one in my family was impressed. There were many negative including shoddy construction (backboard and ipad stand made of cardboard), the over the door hook didn't work well, and vague instructions. Also, the score counter would pop the ball back out of the hoop, which could be frustrating, especially to a younger audience. Using the app was cool, but honestly only held my 11 year old's attention once or twice, she usually didn't want to bother with it. At least the ball was a real nerf ball, but I can see us replacing this with something much sturdier sooner rather than later.
The game is straightforward with cardboard coaster sized game pieces that have two questions printed on each, The rules call for a minimum of three people but two people can easily play by just asking each other the question or guessing what the other person might answer. Conversation starter games like this can be revealing and a good way to get to know someone, but the questions need to be thoughtful and this is where the game was disappointing for me.Rather than thought provoking, the questions seemed to reside in the shallow end of the pool. Often more mean spirited or moot than meaningful, the game has the added negative of watching as friends and family reveal just how petty they think you are. Do they think you will decide the use of a toothpick at a table in a restaurant is a sin grievous enough to be a deal breaker for an otherwise fascinating date?You may defend yourself but the lingering knowledge of how those close to you perceive you, may scar you for life. Well, I am certain it is all in good fun, but it just seemed slightly off &#8211; like the question about whether someone being a &#8220;card carrying communist&#8221; would be a deal breaker. Isn&#8217;t that phraseology from the cold war? At best the game is weird, and dated.
I ordered this Barbie doll for my 4-year old daughter and I was shocked at the poor quality. First of all, the dolls fairy wing mechanism was dead on arrival. The push-button in the middle of Barbie's belly is sharp and jagged and hurts to push. Needless to say, my daughter was extremely upset about the doll not producing any sound and the wings not moving. Looks like we got a dud!
Kristoff's upper body has clothes that are painted on, instead of natural arms which a child can re-dress.....(something that children love to do) When doll is undressed he has painted arms.  If your child loves these characters and plays with them, buy them from the, " Disney store", (cost a few dollars more but worth it) for much better quality thus more fun for the children. My child and I received the, "Anna" and "Elsa", dolls from Amazon (which is my biggest supplier) and the whole upper bodies are painted with rubber paint. My 4 yr. old didn't want then. She noticed right away that the clothes could not come off as she looked in the box. The dolls are beautiful but they are DRESSED CHEAPLY! She said ,"I don't like them now". She is 4. She loves to re-dress Barbie's and baby dolls.She wanted to do the same with this collection.Hope this helps
This was a fairly good quality product and did not break, however, it was very difficult to control and when fully charged was to quick to maneuver.  It sometimes took off to the side and would crash without warning. I would not recomend this for beginners. Was hard to keep a stable hover for any period of time as the copter seemed to have a mind of it's own. If you want an easier and more controlled copter think about the Syma Coast Guard model.
We fell for the hype before Christmas too.  My 5 year old son wanted it so badly, finally got it, and by the end of the day on Christmas we all knew, including my son, this was just a waste of a toy.Here is the sole positive thing about this toy:When he's on, he IS cute.  His puppy motions are very accurate, and match a &#34;real&#34; puppy in a cool way.  The kids liked watching him stick his butt up in the air, run around, and roll.That being said, after watching him move in a cute way for awhile, they wanted this dog to do what it is supposed to do:  obey commands.  And here starts the cons list:1.  Charge lasts for only about 20 minutes!  You can play with the stupid thing for only 20 minutes (fully charged for an hour!) and then you have to plug it back in.  Why bother?  We thought it was a toy we could kind of leave out and play with throughout the day.  No.  You play with it for a short time, then plug it back in for at least an hour.  Then play again for a short time.  Then plug it back in.  This is beyond frustrating.  He ends up just being always dead.2.  What is this &#34;he learns more commands the more you play with him&#34; nonsense?  He is a robot!  What does &#34;learn&#34; mean?  Humans know how humans learn, but how are we to know how robots &#34;learn&#34;?  They should reveal this &#34;secret&#34; to the parents so we can at least know how to know if the kids are on the right track to getting the dog to understand them.  Does Zoomer need to hear a voice say &#34;play dead&#34; 10 times, 50 times, or 100 times before he'll actually do it?  Is this magic &#34;learned&#34; number hard-coded somewhere in his computer, that he needs to hear something x amount of times before he can do it?  Care to share that secret with the folds forking out $80+ to purchase him?  We should know how to verify whether or not he is working correctly.  And does he need to learn in one session before the battery dies, or can his learning be spread out amongst his very frequent recharges?  And how long does he retain the learned material?  A few days?  A week? A month?  And what does &#34;he's a puppy, sometimes he may not feel like following your instructions&#34; (found in the manual) mean???  Is it coded in him somewhere to only follow every other command?  Every 3 commands?  It would seem like any malfunction could be excused as &#34;well he's just a puppy, he's in a 'bad mood' (also in the manual) or he hasn't learned that command yet?&#34;  Well I'm not buying it.  Computers should be reliable, and this is a computer.  So how does it work??  We have no way to tell.  In any event, it doesn't matter, because it would seem he NEVER learns or obeys....see #3.3.  He doesn't do anything my kids tell him.  Now, Siri on my iPhone often doesn't understand my kids either.  Kids don't always have the best pronunciation, so this is understandable.  But Zoomer doesn't understand anything they say ever...and they have normal kid pronunciation.  Why market a toy to children that requires perfect pronunciation to function?  No matter however, because he doesn't understand me either, even when I speak very carefully.  When he doesn't understand me, sometimes I think, &#34;we'll maybe he just hasn't 'learned' this command yet, or is in a 'bad mood' (whatever that means!), but even after saying it over and over, he still doesn't do it.  I've never gotten this dog to do a command.  At least I can't tell if he has done one, because he spends all his time rolling around and being super hyper, so I'll say something, and then try to observe whether he has performed the action in the midst of all the other rolling and spinning he is doing.  So basically he's too hyper to even know if he's doing what you ask.4.  My kids have given up and so have I.  We don't know what this &#34;learning&#34; process involves, and he doesn't even stay charged long enough to explore it in any significant way.  This toy is garbage.  And I'm mad about it because he was so expensive.  I hate this toy.
I liked the concept of this toy because it looked like it would offer my test kidlets a number of different play choices, but the reality turned out somewhat different.First of all, this toy MUST be played on non-carpeted surfaces.  To use the "bottom" level of the track, you need to have a hard surface otherwise the car won't be able to make a circuit of the inner course.  Also, since the launcher is not attached to the device (so you can change the angle of entry) a hard surface is also needed to reach the upper course levels.Second complaint, only one race car is provided with the toy.  It's hard to have a "race" when there's no one to race against, and you can't substitute any Hot Wheels or Matchbox cars that you might have on hand.Third complaint, the assembly instructions were not very clear and the letter-marks on the pieces were sometimes hard to see/find.  This isn't something that the kids can put together themselves.We never did ever get the car to run completely around the upper tracks, though it did make a nice figure-8 on the floor-level track.  We just couldn't get it to go fast enough to fully test the course.My recommendation?  Save your money.  There are better toys out there.  This could have been a great toy if more time had been taken with the instructions, with the propulsion method, with the operation of the upper levels, and with the inclusion of at least two cars.  Car racing sets are easy to create but few are created well.  The kidlets didn't play with this much beyond the first day, and now I just see pieces of it scattered among the rest of their toys.
They made the holes BIGGER. There is no challenge to this game. You can get out every piece easily.  The winner is determined by whoever goes first.  The only way you are going to make that buzzer go off is if you play blindfolded.
These are suppose to be a &#34;toy&#34; but these HURT when you get hit with them because of the rubber tips.I would not recommend these to anyone! if you want Nerf darts I suggest going to the dollar tree and getting the all soft foam darts.
Not a fan. This idea is too young for the target group. It will however be very collectable because no one wants to buy it.
Usually love these sets because they provide all of the characters. The flaw with this set is that all of the bottoms broke off of the figurines when taking them out of the package. The only figurine that is still useful is the crocodile. Cheaply made. Expect more from Disney.
I am being generous with the 2 stars only because she has played it a few times and she "kind of" likes it. The pieces are very flimsy plastic (but what isn't these days??) and there is no real weight to the marbles, they are just light weight plastic balls. What ever happened to heavy marbles?? Anyhow, I'm pretty good at putting stuff together and this game was a pain. To make it worse you have to dismantle it in order for it to go back into the box properly, so that means I get to put it together every time she would want to play the game. We're contemplating a return. I am leaving the decision up to my 7 yr old daughter and will update when she decides.
My son (2yo) absolutely loves his motorized Thomas Wooden Railway engine.  Since giving it to him, he has started pressing down on the tops of all his engines to try to make them go on their own as well.NOTE: This toy (in agreement with it's labeling) is NOT suitable for alone play for a 2yo.  There is a really good chance that your little one could pinch their fingers between the wheels and need your help.  Watch them carefully, and teach him/her not to touch the wheels when the train is on.I, however, was disappointed with motorized Thomas for the following reasons:#1 - Thomas will only two 3 train cars at a time... and he does NOT perform well on inclines.  Loading Thomas with more than 3 cars, which my son loves to do, will result in Thomas running in place.#2 - Thomas will not push on the track.  If he is off, his wheels will not turn... so this train car cannot be used for any non-motorized play.#3 - Thomas OFTEN gets caught on the ridges between two pieces of track.  If your tracks are not pefectly aligned, he will regularly jump the rails and need to be put back on the tracks.
I was not happy with the way this bird flew in comparison to the New and Improved V911. If you need to replace your bird because you totaled it out, just get the New and Improved V911, don't mess with this one. I'm not sure what the difference is but this heli does not fly as well.
Was very disappointed in this toy. First there is a zillion of these styrofoam pieces that the kids had to put together. My kids got bored so I put them together and gave them to them and they were not impressed. Another thing these are more toys that you put on a shelf to look at which is okay. Once I got them together I thought they looked kind of cool-the kids disagreed.DO NOT get if you have small children in the house!
The Ridemakerz Xtreme Customz (Ugh, that hurt my head just to type) line lets kids change out parts of their cars (engines, wheels, etc) to come up with unique custom vehicles. This time around, there's a set based on the popular Marvel Comics characters Spider-Man and Venom.Basically, you get a pair of toy cars painted in Spider-Man and Venom colors. That's pretty much the only connection they have to the Marvel characters. You have sets of wheels, spoilers and accessories (wings for the Venom car and missile launchers for the Spidey car) that can be mixed and matched. The cars don't move on their own, and they're pretty fragile, so if kids crash them together parts go flying immediately.My son (soon to be seven years old) thought these cars were quite cool when he saw the box. That excitement lasted roughly five minutes, when the frustration about loose pieces (the Venom car's hood will absolutely not stay on at all) set in. The cars got about ten minutes of playing time, and haven't been touched since. I think the idea of customizable toy cars is a good one, but this particular line just isn't of a sufficient quality to pull it off. It's nowhere near the durability level of the average Hot Wheels or Matchbox car, and those are a heck of a lot cheaper. Unless your kid is already a fan of this particular line, I'd steer clear of this set.
Looking at the box, I thought this would be a fun set to build awesome robots to play with. Upon opening the box, my opinion quickly changed. Whoever created this, was slightly insane, I think.The pieces are made of foam. They are in sheets and you pop all of the pieces out. There are a bzillion pieces that need popped out and some are soooo tiny. When I say tiny, I mean only a few millimeters  - there are some tiny little ones that are just barely 2 millimeters wide and about 4 millimeters long. Some are tiny flat pieces and some are little cylinder shaped pieces and yes, they are meant to be used in building the robots and adding to the gun.I would never buy this for a 4 year old, although the age range on the box states that as the youngest of the age range. It is much too overwhelming. 8 & 10 year old nephews totally gave up on it quickly as well. It takes forever to pop out all of the pieces, for one thing. Luckily that is a once and done deal. Assembly takes just as long and is not very fun to do.It seems to take a million pieces just to make one figure and it ends up not being sturdy enough to play with anyway. My 15 year old daughter actually joined in and finished assembling all 3 figures as per the box and instructions. She did it mainly because she tends to be a very determined individual and she was enjoying the ridiculousness for some odd reason.To make the eyeballs, you have to insert tiny black rivets into the white balls. The joints (red) and eyeballs (white) are fairly small. Smaller than the smaller sized gumballs.I thought this set would be more like Construx type playsets  - a little more sturdy, with easy to handle & assemble pieces. This is nothing like that at all. I appreciate the fact that the pieces are soft. I don't even know how many times I've stepped on a Lego and cursed under my breath, so the soft pieces are a nice alternative in general, but the plethora of pieces and especially the itty bitty pieces is just too much. If it was slightly more sturdy and allowed for playing with the figures after assembly, I would rate this set much higher. The colors are bright and fun, and the idea of the types of figures are great - robot, space gun, etc - but the set as a whole just does not come through and could not hold any of 3 boys' attention long enough to complete a figure. All 3 boys were in the recommended age group and none of them seemed to be impressed with the set at all. Once my daughter did finish the figures, the boys thought they looked cool, but were disappointed that they couldn't really play with them because pieces would pop off and fall off.
It is an okay toy but the wheels and the propeller should move a little easier for the kids to get into playing with it.  Buy things that have don't require sound or moving parts in this format.
alright...this frustrated my kids because it would never stay up. they sort of had to prop it up to get it to stand properly. other than that issue they had fun playing it and were familiar with the game from the app. so far, since xmas, they have played a handle of times and it will probably get added to the rotation of family games that we all enjoy together.
I bought this as a spare.  First time out, after it binded, it took off and kept going until I lost sight of it.  Would not respond to the transmitter.
My two year old was given a battery operated James as a hand me down from a friend, and loved it so much that we thought a battery operated Thomas would be a good addition to our train table.  Unfortunately, they must have changed the design of these trains.  With James, you can turn him on and he runs by himself, but when he's turned off, you can drive him around the track like the non-battery operated trains.  What's not to like?  With this Thomas, if he's not turned on, his wheels are locked, making it useless.  For the amount of money you pay for one of these little trains, I would hope that it works with or without batteries, and am very disappointed in this purchase.  We will not be buying any more Fisher Price trains for our Thomas collection.Update Jan 2013:  This train continues to disappoint.  The battery life is unbelievably short, lasting only a day sometimes. And even when the battery is replaced, it has such a weak motor so it can barely pull any trains along.  It struggles to even make it up hills by itself, and we have the compatible Thomas tracks.  20 dollars for a train that occasionally works? No thank you.
The darts with the cute designs on them get stuck in the Sweet Revenge gun.  I contacted Hasbro and will hopefully get replacements.  The rest of the darts are great.  It's the ink that makes them stick.
We bought this to go along with the talking Buckey (as suggested by Amazon) wich has places for the figures to attach. These figurines have plastic dicsc attached to their feet so they can stand up. Basically they are something for a shelf and have no idea why they were q suggested purchase with Bucket. However, my 2.5 year old son likes them and none of them have broken.
In my view, the purpose of this carry case is to provide a container in which to store all the cars one is expected to buy. I've got kids but they haven't shown any interest in these very tiny cars. The case comes with one car. The car is teeny tiny.I don't see any other use for this case than the one intended.
Have you ever seen a boy who LOVES the Cars movies stand eagerly by while his parents struggle to put together a toy that is ridiculously hard to assemble?  Have you ever seen that boy try to comprehend why the toy - which looks like the coolest toy ever - doesn't work even remotely closely to how it's supposed to?  Cars that are supposed to zoom across and then end up in the Winner's Circle either fall off the track, go about three inches, miss the track entirely, or zoom around in circles and just never end up in the winner's circle.This is seriously one of the worst designed toys I have ever had the misfortune to touch.  It ranks up there withChase, the non-transforming Transformer.  About the best thing I can say about this toy is that it hasn't actually physically hurt my son yet.Now I have to go out to Toys 'R Us and buy my distraught son a toy that actually works to make up for the fact that this thing doesn't work.  He's just sitting there and every twenty seconds or so asking me "why it not work, Daddy?"  "Why the car not go on the track, Daddy?"  "Why Lightning McQueen not go in the Green thing, Daddy?"  Thanks a lot Mattel.
Until I opened the box. I got a coupon to get this game for 50% off and I jumped at the chance to own a game that used to frustrate me so yet really challenge me as a child. My husband and I were all ready to play when I opened the box and immediately saw the MASSIVE openings you're supposed to grab the pieces from. Uh, WTF happen to this game? I understand making a version for small kids, but why mess with the original? Are so many kids and teens ailed with ADHD that most people can't keep their hand steady enough to play? Are we so fat that our massive hands eclipsed the openings and the company was forced to make the holes 4 times the size? Are we raising a generation of kids who will give up after a first failed try when something proves to be &#34;too hard&#34; so we change things to make life that much easier for them? Shame on you Hasbro! COME BACK WITH THE ORIGINAL.
I had read these negative reviews and didn't want to buy this, but it was the only thing my daughter asked for this year.  When she opened it, she was thrilled.  I thought I had misjudged it when it did all these amazing things, and I wanted to play with it as much as she did.  We had taught him to do a couple tricks, and she didn't mind having to charge him every 30 minutes.  I thought it was sort of ridiculous that you could only play with him 30 minutes at a time, but considering how advanced he was and how fast he moved, I made myself be ok with that.  But after two and a half days of playing, he got stuck.  He didn't completely die as others' Zoomers did.  He showed a full battery and could do some things until he tried to twist.  Whether it was rolling over or playing dead, he would get stuck with his leg in the air like he was doing the &#34;go pee&#34; trick and made a semi-loud clicking noise.  He couldn't right himself anymore.  Very disheartening.  She was so upset about her friend, I almost had to buy her a real dog.  I talked her back from that ledge for now but no more robopups for us.
Syma 108gI received the helicopter in new condition and was not damaged. I took the helicopter outside and let if fly...straight into the back of my neighbor's pickup. The helicopter is a indoor helicopter and cannot be used outside if there is any wind because it will be blown away. I then took the helicopter back inside and crashed it a few times but eventually gained control. The helicopter flied great and turned well.However, after a month the battery could not hold it's charge. It just hovers a few inches above the ground and dies. The battery is not good and dies fast. Now my helicopter just sits on my desk.I recommend this to anyone who wants a short term helicopter that won't be used often.
My son got this toy for his birthday. After shooting it maybe twenty times, the trigger got stuck and the plane wouldn't shoot. I had to take it apart and fix the springs. It has poor springs and mechanisms.
A first glance this Barbie is very pretty. Her dress is gorgeous, he is wearing a beautiful necklace and really cool shoes.  On second glance you begin to realize this Barbie cannot be used for anything.  The top of her dress is painted on. The fairy wings are affixed to her back by a large apparatus that is part of the doll and the skirt does not come off because of the "opening" skirt feature.  So basically this Barbie is only good for the movie, or DVD tie-in. Kids cannot dress her, change her clothing...the only thing this doll does - the wings flip up and the dress flips out to the side by pushing a button.  Once a child has done this a time or two, they will want to change her clothes and with the wing fixture and the opening skirt--they are out of luck. I love Barbies but this one is a total disappointment.
So disappointed. We wanted to get something for our child to play with in the car without making a mess and this seemed like it would be a great distraction but it was more of a frustration. While the markers and eraser stored neatly in the bottom of the lap desk, they were hard for her to get out on her own. And the caps were hard to get off the markers too.But worse, the color was so faint, she got frustrated. The yellow barely shows on the white surface, the green looks more like gray, and the pink and orange look very similar. Not fun.One star for design. One star for concept. That is all.
For $9.99, are you kidding? Just saw it at the local store for $5.99. It looked so cheap, I didn't even buy it.  All you get is eye glasses ,dress, and shoes. Just buy the dolls and forget these accessories.
The game pieces are on coasters and it is basically a bar game intended for drinkers. Three players are needed to play and the jokes are pretty silly, unless you are bombed. Not the greatest game. I might pass it on.
I have an 8 year old who is absolutely mad for Beys since the past two years. We have buckets of beys and theories on the importance of tips vs fusion wheels and even an entire science project studying the pros and cons of certain types of performance tips! He has saved up months of allowance to buy Japanese beys and has watched every episode of the show available on NetflixSo, I thought he would be thrilled with this new version of the Beyblade franchise. So what do you get in the fairly big box? A bey stadium (with weird little clip on attachments that resemble longhorns but keep falling off), two bey warriors and two rip cords.What exactly are Bey warriors? basically a fused together bey where you can only change the performance tip. Fused to the top is your bey warrior whose arms and head you can change between beys. The technique of ripping the beywarriors is completely different from traditional beyblades since you hold the edge of the beywarrior between your finger and thumb, literally pump the rip cord in and out three times before you yank out the rip cord, release the bey warrior and let it careen around the stadium.Is it as satisfying as Beyblades? No! There is no 3-2-1 let it rip! There is no clanking racket and repeated collision with wobbling beys. The warriors are top heavy and clonk over fairly quickly. The interchangeable arms don't seem to serve much purpose and, while every 8 year old boy we showed this to was drooling over it, they all lost interest in it within an hour.In the hallowed tradition of the destroyer dome, this addition to the Beyblade empire was, for us, a flop.
I bought this as a christmas gift on Oct 30.  Now, Dec 14, I am wrapping it. I decided to charge it up and try it out. The directions are all in broken English with a lot of disconnected improper grammer which you have to interpret to try and understand.  I charged the battery, followed all the directions and it will not start up at all.  It is very flimsey and poorly built. I tried to take the battery back out and it will not come off the connector. There is nothing in the instructions which direct me to do anything special to enable me to disconnect it.I bought a different version of this toy called the air hogs elite at Walmart that was much stronger and built much much better. Put it together and it works like a charm.I would not recomend the UDI RC Quadcopter to anyone. It is very poorly constructed with cheap flimsey parts in my opinion. My experience is that it did not work from the start. Fortunately amazon agreed to allow me to return it even though I was supposed to have until Dec 5th.So I will add another word of advice. If you buy toys early for Christmas try them out when you get them to see if they work so you do not pass the return deadline.
I got this thinking it would be fun for my friends and I to play. I think we're either too old or too sober to enjoy this one. The situations aren't even funny, they're rather stupid. It makes a joke out of relationships. It's easy to play, the box says it's for ages 18+ so after removing some of the more questionable cards, my kids will like it. It might make for some good conversation, but some of the cards are going to make some people appear really shallow. I can see the bar crowds enjoying this, and also young teens. For anyone else, pass it up.
Three weeks after use the lights quit working. Only one of the three would come on. The stitching started coming undone also. Calling amazon was a waste of time. They wanted me to send it back and wait two weeks to get a new one. I called the dream lights company directly and they had me take a few pictures and mailed me a new replacement. After all that, my daughter now hardly touches the thing. She is 4.
This is one horrible product! It's rare that I'm THIS disappointed in a toy for my children.These markers are so light when used that your child can barely see what they've drawn! It's about as much fun as using a white crayon on a sheet of white paper, which is frustrating to a child! After a few minutes, both of my oldest boys(2 and 4) ended up just playing with the markers and stacking them on top of each other or putting them in their "holding" spot on the desk. Drawing, which is the purpose of this desk, wasn't the least bit of fun for them.Since this was such a disappointment, I decided to take a chance on dry erase markers. Dry Erase markers **DO NOT** work with this desk! It doesn't come off. I'll keep trying to clean our board, and if I find something that works, I'll come back and let you know. Truly, THAT will be this toy's only saving grace. Otherwise, it's a total waste of money!About the only thing I do like is the storage areas included. On the back of the desk, there is a holding spot for everything, except the washcloth. While in use, there's holding spots for the 4 markers that are included.Another huge disappointment is that magic eraser. The magic solution looks a great deal like a bit of dishwashing liquid and water. When it runs out, though, it's gone. I twisted and turned and tried everything, short of breaking it, to get the magic eraser open for a refill. Apparently, it doesn't come open! I searched and couldn't find replacements, either. Such a disappointment!!Overall, I can't recommend this product, unfortunately.
This thing reminds me of the junk that ends up in the bottom of a toybox. I hate to be so harsh, but neither I or my daughter cared for it. It was a pain to put together. It wobbles when set up. It is like a bedroom for Ariel that turns into a ship and holds her up on the ship. I understand what they were going for, but I just do not like the final product. My daughter gave up on it when it fell over twice and messed up her little bedroom she had set up. Sometimes I say that a toy is a good toy, but my daughter just did not like it. In this case I think it is just not the best toy.
I have great memories from the old tv show about this triple changer, it was in fact &#34;the&#34; triple changer after Astrotrain, but this toy is not good as the others from the same line, I get this at the same time as Springer and the difference is too much.My problems with this figure is that it don't hold the pose, if you move the arms, then the shoulder pop out, the joins are lose so the legs can't support properly a pose, in airplane mode there is too much lose parts so if you want to grab it to show it to someone, you end with a leg out of place or the cannon moving to other place, then in tank mode is by far the best transformation and is a little bit more solid.Is a pain to carry on any transformation because is hard to secure parts and when you try to do the next step on the instructions, some sections will move out of place and with time this became frustrating.Is a shame because the Blitzwing from the show deserved a better toy.
We were so excited when we ordered this plane because what little boy doesn't love remote controls and airplanes. The design seemed rather ingenious--the child puts little wings on his hands, and extends his arms to remotely control the airplane. Sounds simple enough, looks simple enough, and even a toddler could do it, right? Uh, not so fast.First, the plane doesn't actually fly. Sure, it tells you this on the box, but only in a print that is pretty darned tiny relative to everything else on the box. But the remote has to be easy enough to use, right? Well, in theory, if you've got about an acre of pure, open space for your child to play in, this controller could work great. But in the backyard of my track home? Not so much. In my house? Not at all. The plane moves both too fast and in too big an arc to allow a kid to really control it. It seems like my son could barely get it moving before the plane would hit a wall or end up under the sofa. At first, I thought it was because he's just shy of two and still lacking in hand-eye-coordination. But then I tried it. And my 7 year old tried it. And my husband tried it. And none of us were especially successful at getting this plane to go in a straight line much less navigate through the house.All this wouldn't be so bad if we could just ignore the remote and play with the plane itself. But when we took the batteries out of the remote and just left them in the plane, it quit producing sound.The look of the plane is really cute, but this just isn't a practical toy for kids of any age.
This looks so cool. My kids could not wait to open this. After we finally read how to do it and put it together, it was not fun. I think that this would of worked better without using the clay and use Play-doh like we did. The play-doh was much easier to create the objects. The clay dried and crumbled. If you have Play-doh this now becomes a great set that why three stars.
This doll is neat because it lights up. However, she is not flexible at all. My daughter thought her legs bent, like most dolls do, but when she tried to bend them they snapped off. I tried to reattach them but could not. We exchanged for a completely different doll.
My 3 1/2 year old daughter is very frustrated with this toy.  The idea is great, but the included markers are so light that her drawings are nearly impossible to see.  Per a tip on another review here, I called the Crayola company at 1-800-CRAYOLA and requested new markers.  I have not received them yet, so I cannot comment on how they work.  If the functionality of the toy improves with the new markers, I will revise this review.
Out of the box this heli looks great, BUT didn't impress me in flight.  It's VERY CLUMSY and wobbles (not vibrate), &#34;wobbles&#34; in flight.  Also, I had a heck of time getting the heli to pair up with the transmitter.  If you looking for a good RC heli of similar size, checkout the WLtoys V912.
This is one of the two games I purchased with my PS4. I regret it. I wish I would have saved my money and bought something else. I have never owned a playstation or killzone game before I mainly bought it because of the hype and being new to the ps world I figured this would be a good introduction.Good:The graphics are awesome.Sometimes combat is fun.The OWL is cool.Bad:The campaign is extremely boring and frustrating.The writing is terrible, nothing makes you care about the character or the world you are playing in.There are two factions the Hellenic's and the Crustaceans or something... pretty much red eye humans and normal eye humans.You spend A LOT of time watching cutscenes and cool stuff happening that you have no control over... it's almost as if they forgot that people play games because they want an interactive experience.The combat music makes your ears bleed.In conclusion. If you are looking for an overpriced pretty game look no further. If you want a game that will be fun then skip this and get ANYTHING else.UPDATE:Played the multiplayer for a while, it was somewhat entertaining but didn't feel as fluid as COD or BF (which I have only played on PC not sure how it fares on consoles). Needless to say the game crashed everytime about half way through the match so I was never really able to complete one. Total Crap.I did purchase Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag.... Now that's a game, great story, great graphics, just plain awesome.
I'll join the chorus here and agree that the color saturation generated by the pens in this otherwise very solidly built drawing mat is much much too dim. I don't know where and how Crayola was able to generate the artwork for the box and instructions, but it most certainly was not by the normal use of the actual product which is barely visible. It boggles the mind that they are actually releasing this product.  My daughter recommends "zero stars" but I'll be merciful because it doesn't burst into flame and give it a 2.
My daughter got as a gift and was so excited!  Boy, did she end up being disappointed.  The dispenser fell apart as we were filling the molds, and then there was not enough mix to fill all four molds.  I did not taste the cake pops, although it really isn't cake, it's more like raw batter.  There is enough mix to make 8 pops which is ridiculous, and a refill costs around $8.  Crazy.Do not buy this toy no matter how much your child wants it!  What you see on the commercials is not what you get.  Buy a cake pop mold for your oven and make real cake!
I wasn't expecting much from this, but I certainly expected more than I saw when it arrived.Plastic is just awful, it's the type of incredibly hard plastic that splits and cracks if you just look at it wrong.  And since this has to be pried open and spun around a hinge by kids, that seemed the absolute wrong choice of materials.The build quality is horrible.  The &#34;elevator&#34; is a really poorly done telescoping rectangle of plastic, and when everything is closed, there's no place to store it that lets this sit flat.  When you close the clamshell sides to store the unit, you can't close it with that inside the castle, it has to be protruding out the bottom. But it doesn't &#34;nest&#34; into the bottom so it's flush on the bottom edge either.Only one piece really &#34;snapped&#34; into place with a sound and feel that it was going to stay there.  Everything else pushed but never seemed to engage and lock.Closing the clamshell sides leaves you pushing the centerline up and down a bit to engage the pegs that hold it shut, since they don't easily line up on their own.And it's tiny.  Which is good for someone with a kid with a lot of toys, since this is easy to store, but it's so small it seems almost a caricature of what someone would want to play with.Someone mentioned happy meal quality, but in all honesty I wouldn't even go that high in my estimation.  Most of those seem to last forever, since my son still has toyboxes full of those things that never break.  I wouldn't expect this to last anywhere near as long.Had it been under ten dollars, then I may have given it two stars, maybe even three for that price, but at the high price asked for this, even one star is pushing it.
I love the gorgeous shades of the chalk.  I love that they're square so they don't roll.  When I looked at the chalk before opening each shrink-wrapped group of 4 pieces, I was expecting a 5-star review.  Unfortunately, by the time I'd unwrapped all the chalk, I discovered that 4 pieces had arrived already broken in half.  Not only should this not arrive with that many defective pieces, but it makes me doubt the overall durability of the chalk.A lesser complaint is that the cardboard box was very difficult to open, near impossible without ripping the tuck-in tab.  This box is not going to hold up to use by children.  However, I still would have given the chalk 5 stars if it had all arrived in one piece.
I wasn't impressed with the quality of the stroller and don't expect it to last long in my grandchildren's hands. My 1 1/2 yr old likes trying to sit in it and it probably won't make it through too many attempts. I guess to get better quality one must put out a bundle.
Way too complicated. No game...card, computer, or video game should require you to read the instructions 4 times to get the concept and even than to have someone else read the instructions about 2 more times. This is just to get the concept and the set up of the game. I have even gotten to the part about playing it yet.So playing the game is fun after I got the hang of it but only after playing it after about 4 times. Again I had to refer to the instructions on which cards I could play on that round or season and which ones could defeat the other player. Again this is a card game, it should not be hard to play. The price for this game must have been spent on the cool graphics and not on test players or a good instruction writing person.
This toy seems like such a cute idea.  As an adult, I think the turtle is adorable and love the idea of encouraging baby to crawl.  The problems are with the execution.  First, the music and voice is hardly soothing or encouraging.  It's quite loud and obnoxious.  I can live with loud toys, but it scared my six-month-old horribly.  She cried until I turned it off.  I think it's just too loud and high-pitched.  It would be great if you could turn the sound off but leave the crawling on, but alas you can't.  There is also no volume control.  My second concern is that this toy is quite hard.  I know it has mechanical parts, but the majority of the body is HARD.  Children are not going to be able to hug this toy, which children usually do, and I also worry about unstable crawlers and those who begin pulling up to walk stumbling and crashing into this.  The outside is soft, but there is not much cushioning over that heavy, hard plastic.  I don't think it would cause serious injury or anything, but it could definitely hurt.  I would not recommend this toy.
Price is WAY to much. when opening the package sophias head popped off. The hat does not stay on, the wings do not stay on, Her seat is a push button but it does not do anything?? and when the wings are on its hard to even get to the button. NOT worth $5 let alone this price. Got it for my Daughters 3d bday and Once the head popped off(it goes back on) she was over it!
As a member of Amazon Vine, I chose this toy to review, but Amazon screwed up and sent me the older, annoying version and that's the toy I tested and reviewed.  When I submitted my review, Amazon put it on this page with the newer version of the toy.  I have contacted Amazon by phone and email to no avail.  Their canned email response was to simply delete my review, but if I do that I can't continue to participate in the Vine program because there will be no review of the toy they sent me.  I'm sure the new toy is better because it is not battery operated and that would eliminate the annoying motor sound and the music.  Here is the review I wrote about the toy they sent me.  Remember, I did not choose this page to post my review, Amazon placed it.  What a mess!It sounded great . . . balls popping up everywhere.  It sounded like something my 13 month old grandson would love since he loves to play ball.  The reality was much different.  First of all, it comes without batteries so be prepared with 4 "D" batteries. Next is the noise factor.  It sounds like a small vacuum cleaner.  However, the noise did not bother my grandson at all.  After I assembled it and added the batteries, I turned it on.  The balls did not pop out everywhere.  They popped out of the same place each time.  Since I had it on a hardwood floor, the balls hit the floor and immediately rolled under the furniture.  Within seconds all the balls were inaccessible to my grandson.  I was the one who had to get down on the floor to retrieve the balls that were stuck under the furniture.  I don't think this would have been a problem on a carpeted floor.  However, it didn't really matter that the balls were under the furniture because the toy never engaged my grandson.  He watched it for a minute and toddled off.  My 6 year old granddaughter played with it for about 2 minutes and then she wandered off.  Bottom line - I do not recommend this toy if you are looking for something that is highly engaging to a young child.
My daughter loves anything and everything to do with science and experimenting so she was extremely dissapointed with this kit. There really isn't much that comes with it, you end up needing to buy so much more to complete any of the "experiments". It's a complete rip-off.
I bought it like a month ago but it was for my daughters Birth day and she just opened it on January 2 and its january 10 and it wont work anymore, it shuts of randomly after charging for hours, tryied normal batteries because obviously the power brings ''rechargeable batteries and still the same problem, and if I try games with cartridge it freezes and stays like that for hours until you finally force it to shut off. So yeah a less than 2 weak play for something that cost 90 dollares is ridiculous!!
PROS:  disney princess themenot messy does not mark on skin, clothes, furnitureCONS: not the right colors neededonly 12 pagesonly 1/2 page to colorexpensiveMy 3 year old grandaughter was very dissapointed when she started coloring.  She loved the princess theme, but wanted her princesses to be the right color.There are only 12 pages of princesses. The background is all in glitter that can not be colored, and a few swirls or flowers or sea shells or stars scatterd in the background to color. The princess is the main thing on the page to color. Some of the gowns do have a glitter sheen that shows when colored.
As much as I would love to use this kit, I don't even have all the pieces. It's not a kit. You still have to go and purchase a bunch of stuff to even use it. Very disappointing. I think they could improve by adding these simple items as others have already listed to the kit. The instructions are pretty boring although I felt they tried to add a bit of humor in them. The kit itself seems durable and I hope once I find all the materials, we can actually use it.
The K'NEX Star Shooter Coaster Set was a huge disappointment.  The directions were merely okay, but at times it was unclear which piece needed to be used.  Assembling the roller coaster was further hampered because the pieces were so small and flimsy.  K'NEX are usually much thicker and sturdier.  The track was beyond frustrating to assemble.  The directions indicate curves in the track that are not possible to maintain at the various stages of construction.  Once I finally did get the whole toy assembled, it did not work!  The curves in the track caused the chain to get stuck.  The chain itself was junk.  The chain is assembled from tiny little plastic links that interlock.  The chain would get stuck on itself, even before it was connected to the roller coaster.  The tiny, plastic chain links just had too much friction to be practical.I consulted the limited troubleshooting section for the toy.  The first item or symptom was, "The toy does not work".  Their response/solution was, "Is the toy assembled correctly?", which is an interesting question.  If the directions had actually been decent, I may have actually been able to use them as a reliable reference material to confirm whether or not the toy was built correctly.  However, if the directions were clear in the first place, then maybe the toy would work.We three adults looked over the toy and the directions and we found no faults that we could discern.  This toy is poorly designed and needs further development.  I wish K'NEX had put more thought into the roller coaster's design, because had they done so, this toy would have been a lot fun.  As it is, it's sure to disappoint a child.
I'm very disappointed in it.  I ordered the one that comes with hassle free packaging, so that was great because I got it out of the box in no time.  The problem came when I started to build it.  I'm sure it wouldn't take too long if they would have built it right.  The balcony portion simply doesn't align with the rest of the tower, so i'm not able to place any of the three screws in.  My poor baby was so desperate to play with it and I simpy wasn't able to build it properly.  Right now, the tower and the top ramp are just dangling.  She keeps handing me the &#34;kitties&#34;, (she's 19 months old and calls the horses kitties) to place them on the ramp and sways to simulate the galloping.  I place them on but they just don't go down the ramp correctly.  I'm going to be returning this one or at least I'll try to exchange it in hopes that I get a good one.
I like the concept of the game: players pick a card with minor trivia relating to animals for others to guess. That's good. However, the animal sound buzzers are just annoying. The sound is dull and distorted, and adds nothing to the game.I'd suggest ditching the buzzers and using this on a road trip.
This thing is annoyingly stupid and slow. It was given as a gift for my daughter and honestly, it frustrates her (and us) more than anything. We have an iPad mini for her, so we'll stick with that. We feel so guilty that someone spent so much money on such a useless thing. It lags so much, even if you want to just draw. Absolute garbage.
I really wanted to love this toy, but it just doesn't do anything for me and my girls. They are 4 and 6 and play with several construction toys and science toys on a regular basis. This toy was interesting for about an hour and has barely been played with since. They are both frustrated by the crank and the little animals because they just will not stay on when spinning the machine. The crank comes off at least 3-4 times while they wind up the ribbon, even when an adult has put it on. And several animals fall of everytime they pull on the ribbon.I give this two stars because the concept of the game is good. But since its designed so poorly, the kids are not learning anything because they don't want to play with it.
This K'NEX toy is made of LEGO like pieces that are compatible with standard LEGO pieces.The Mario, goomba and propeller figures which are the best part of this toy and probably the only thing your kids will play with after a week.The K'NEX pieces are not well made and don't fit together snugly like regular LEGO.  Because of this, it is frustrating to build cause they sometimes come apart when they shouldn't.The set is very complicated to build and the instructions are not as good as a LEGO set.Due to the complexity of this set the replay value is low because you do not want to rebuild it once it breaks and it's not intuitive to rebuild it.Overall, not worth the money unless you are a Mario fanatic or collector.If you found this review helpful please give it a thumbs up below. Thanks!
I whipped this out when my son came down to visit and his cousins and some friends came over. The cards in the set provide dating scenarios which might or might not be deal breakers. While this provided some  laughs and some real life stories the cards got old fast and everyone moved on to Super Boggle and forgot about Deal Breaker.Since I have been married forever and have no desire to recall bad dates from three decades ago, this game has no appeal for me. I am using these as cheapy coasters.
My little ones love Ariel and playing in the bath, so getting to do both should be a natural.  Unfortunately Ariel's Floating Fountain Playset doesn't really float (it starts lopsided and sinks in about 3 or 4 minutes) and the fountains don't really squirt so it's pretty much a total misnomer.  So the girls took Ariel, who is actually much smaller than the picture implies, and played with her while the Playset stayed like Atlantis on the ocean bottom.While also pretty cheaply made, we haveAriel's Bath Time Playset, too, which is much more fun to actually play with and I'd recommend getting that instead.
iv had enough of air hogs and there crappy work on there products some of the products are good ideas but s***ty work
I've been looking for something like this to protect my iPhone from my 2 1/2 year-old grandson, who is iPhone proficient (honest) and always wants to use my phone, but ends up accidentally deleting appointments from my calendar or contacts, or worse yet, calling that person that I haven't wanted to talk to in years :)I thought this case would help provide limited access to my phone, and protect it at the same time.  It does. Kinda.The case is a heavy-duty plastic box made to look like a story-book with a handle that doubles as a teething ring.  Frankly, if your baby is still teething, I doubt they'd be able to navigate the functions of the story book apps (which are free, but have to be downloaded from the app store).  If your baby is older, say 2 and up, the story book apps MAY still be interesting to them, but they can use the apps on your phone without this case.  About the only thing the case really offers is the ability to hid the home button, so your child can't leave the storybook app and access other areas of your phone.  The "protective" clear film that covers the iPhone screen will keep it safe from baby drool and sticky fingers, but that's about it.  Any sharp object a child might wield against it could easily cause damage to your screen.The "interactivity" that the case provides is that closing and opening the cover advances the story app to the next screen.  i couldn't get it to work. Plus, kids who know about iPhones can just touch the screen or swipe it and accomplish the same thing.Putting the phone in and out of the case isn't easy, and you'll think you're going to break it with how hard you have to press it to close it until you hear the "click."BIG drawback, is you can't answer your phone if you get a call while the baby is using it.  Unless you have a "spare" iPhone with a data plan that you can devote as a toy for your child to use, this case is really unnecessary.Bottom line is this is just a big plastic case to hold an expensive electronic item so kids can play a free app that doesn't require this case to use.
I bought this for my daughter's 2nd birthday. She loves back packs and Minnie. However, what arrived was purple backpack with a different picture. Not as cute as pictured.But, the size is fine for my daughter. The quality is okay for the price.
My kids played with this toy for about five minutes, threw it aside, and haven't touched it since. Getting the trucks to jump with any height is difficult; most times the truck just kind of falls off the end. Pulling up the stunt ramp to do flips gets the truck to flip over about once out of 20 tries. I don't recommend it.
The biggest issue is that it's tricky for adults and almost impossible for our 6 year old to snap the darts into the bow as perfectly as it needs to be done. If you snap them in too far, it won't work well. If they're not pushed in far enough, obviously it won't work well, either. No one managed more than 15 feet or so. Maybe ours was just especially lame; I guess faulty ones can sneak in...I guess I'm happy to see the good reviews, though. I bought ours as a BOGO sale, thinking I'd give the second one away at some point. I had been feeling guilty about passing along something so blah, but, hey, maybe it will be liked.
If you don't have friends online who play this, or don't have the ability to join online games (Gold membership required?), this game is utterly dull.Making headway on anything - finding diamonds, clearing rock - is tedious and time consuming.  Switching to creative mode gives you access to everything immediately, so the challenge in finding new items is instantly gone.  There's no point.  If you don't have anyone else to view or play with you - what's the point?  So you made a cool area - so what?  And I've heard of villages - never seen'em - no idea what they are - are they not in the 360 version?  I got bored of this really quick.
The new 1/12 scale Mattel 1966 Batmobile is a rolling platform for your 6 inch action figures and not much else.First the packaging: The box art has little to do with any of the graphics evident in the original TV series. It's sturdy, so sturdy you will need to literally tear the package open to get the toy out; both ends are securely glued down, not taped (I tried using a wire to slice through cleanly, but the glue is too tough), which makes no sense at all once you finally get the thing open and find there are plastic security turn-screws that release the toy from the cardboard interior base and are designed to be reused.The toy's design is nice and large and will accommodate your figures. There are even seat-belts to secure them in.But, the details are where this Batmobile begins to lose luster. The fins and nearly every other protruding item are made of soft rubber. That's wonderful if you intend to beat this thing up against walls and curbs, but at over $60 plus tax retail I don't see anyone actually playing with this. I'm pretty certain the collectors interested in this version will not be actually playing with it. The unpainted black plastic that makes up the body of the toy is scratched and gouged in many places - mine right on the hood!. I brought this issue up with the r/c version: manufacturers can produce TV remotes and other plastic housed gadgets without all this mess, why not a toy? You don't see Hasbro toys with this degree of defacement.Finally, there is the toy's action: There is none besides wheels that spin and a steering wheel that turns. They don't pivot left to right like even the $30 die-cast 1/18 scale version does. The box art hype mentions magnets, lasers and parachutes, none of which are included with this model. If I was six years old I'd accept the mention as a cue to pretend. I'm a little too old to pretend.In short, there is nothing here that makes any sense: for a premium of between $60 and $100 you receive a toy designed for rough play whose only buyers will be older collectors. Seeing as how the separately sold Batman figures will surely be placed in the toy, Mattel must have envisioned that it would be removed from the box and thus subject to scrutiny. Under scrutiny its value and quality just doesn't hold up. I've waited since the 1970s Mego Batmobile held my Dynamic Duo, over forty years, for a scaled model designed to hold figures. Here it is at last, and it's disappointing. Maybe if the price was considerably less I would still be disappointed with its lack of features but satisfied I'd received my money's worth. I am a Target employee and paid somewhat less than most people will - and that is where I suggest purchasing it. Do not pay more than retail!
My son received this item for Christmas. This is the second goliath game he's received that DIDN'T WORK! He's received 2 Pop the Pig games and of course, both of those didn't work either. IF we play Doggie Doo again, I'm pouring a little vegetable oil down his mouth to lube his tummy so the doo will actually move down the insides. I even took the game apart to get the doo out of his tummy and of course, there's a tube that the doo goes into and I couldn't get to it. How I got it out, I don't know. Poor quality. If my son wants to play Doggie Doo, I'm sending him in the back yard w/both dogs and a shovel and he can pick their doo up!
My daughters love the Disney princesses and they love their bath time. The Disney Princess Water Palace Bath Playset seems like a perfect toy for them, but the reality is that it's underwhelming in almost every way. When putting it together, the pieces go together well enough, but the problem is that they don't stay together all that well. Getting the princess (Ariel in this case...just Ariel) into the swing can also require a bit more dexterity than a three year-old can manage (or have the patience for). The slide doesn't work all that well (Ariel's arms get stuck) and the little "flower launcher" literally throws Ariel out at such a trajectory that the whole thing looks pretty painful for her (not to mention the fact that getting her into the "launcher" properly is an ordeal in and of itself). The recommended ages say that it's for 3 to 10 year olds (quite a range), but I can see younger children being frustrated with this and older ones just being bored by it.Not everything about it is terrible. The playset is suitably cute, and the way Ariel's petal skirt opens to make her float on the water was the one thing that did provide a good bit of entertainment for the girls (it's lined with foam on the underside, making it very buoyant). Ariel still gets played with quite a bit at bathtime. The playset, not so much (it's in pieces in their toybox at this point).
For the price this loom is not worth your money! for just about 5-10$ dollars more you could go too Hobby Lobby and get a nicely made one that is worth the trip. I got this for my little sister for Christmas, and even though she loved it, i on the other hand was dissapionted with the cheap cardboard packaging and the cheap plastic loom that could easily be passed off at the dollar store.don't waste your time or money.
This is cheap crap that breaks all the time. Also didn't even get the clips I was promised.  I say it's overpriced junk
This is my 5th s107g. This one spins rapidly in both directions. Way beyond all control. Only visual symptom I can share is that the green blinking LED on circuit panel only blinks twice and then turns steady Even With Remote OFF!? Going back. Out of 5 s107gs I have bought, I have had to end back two; the other developed a whine and something was slipping that lowered RPMs below necessary for lift off. Thanks to Amazon for the 30 day refund policy!
However the item itself is made out of the cheapest flimsiest plastic - think dollar store.  It does what it says and I bought it because he was fascinated.  My grandson believes every ad on TV and just had to have it and he was happy to get it.  As long as it lasts 1 day (and it did) he will be satisfied.  It is junk.
Even though everything is visible, we were still expecting it to be better.  There is no bag for storage and half the stuff my daughter didn't understand and it was just all around disappointing to my husband and I.
Did not Fly without falling out of the sky. Returned this item. Disappointing as it was a present for my nephew.
died after 2 uses.  Very disappointed in the life of the battery.  Now I know why they are so cheap.
The age recommendation of 3 years and up in some respects mystifies me.Granted, the pieces the vacuum picks up might be placed in a younger child's mouth.  As I see them, they do not look small enough to swallow but certainly might cause gagging.This toy as all toys should be used under supervision.The construction is very simple.  It almost reminds me of the way the then inexpensive paddle with rubber string and ball to bounce was made way back then.Toys are increasingly sophisticated and this vacuum has a great deal of competition more interesting and realistic.Plastic paddles and a catch all for the vacuumed pieces is easily opened.Mounting the arm to the base is easy but after a few uses tends to sag when left unused.In this home, not a winner.
Other reviewers covered this well and I don't have much to add. I ordered this for my son who recently began to love WWE - but he's 11 and this is just not entertaining enough for a child his age. It's cheap feeling, it's disappointing that only one figure comes with the set, but most folks have another figure from another toy around, so that's what we used. There are no batteries so the sound effects sound like plastic pieces. It's fine for a young child, maybe 3 or 4, but for a 6 year old or over, it will get boring pretty fast. I do like the idea of having to use your imagination while wrestling or using the catapult, but there just isn't enough to the toy to be a lot of fun.
Looks great, but only flew the first time.  After that it won't get enough power to get more than a few inches off the ground.  I have a lot of Syma heli's and there all awesome and durable but this one isn't worth it.  I took it apart to check for anything wrapped around the main shaft, made sure it was straight and even changed the battery.  I think there's a problem with the gears or motors not being synced but not for sure.
Already broken by mid Christmas morning! So delicately made that even the outer orb couldn't protect the inside parts from getting broken. Very disappointed, and upset that I spent that much money to only throw away!
The instructions are not clear and need to be followed exactly or the rubber bands won't loop and will fall apart. The single row is easy if someone shows you how to do it but the more complicated ones are extremely difficult even for adults. Toys R Us was offering a special event on how to use it and the Toys R Us employee was getting frustrated making the rainbow loom and had to leave to take a break after two failed attempts. She said the  waterfall is not doable. This is definitely not for 6 years old which was the recommended age. It more for 10+ years old who actually read the instructions carefully. The pictures diagrams were not helpful. This was a very frustrating toy and was not enjoyable to make but the finished bracelet does look cute. The rubber bands are not too durable and break easily.
For most people the name Hot Wheels means cars... a toy line children have loved for almost 50 years. Perhaps if they had found a way to include their cars in play with this set, it may have been a better product...In the set:One launcher, one launch platform, one turbo booster, two jumps, one spinning platform, two pieces of track, one reverse ramp, and one special-edition disc [the set really should have included a second disc for it's touted "head -to- head" action .]Play includes racing the hyperdisc down the track with ability to boost speed and jump the ramp. You can jump directly to a spinning platform as well. Additional hyperdiscs allow stacking and battling. Other Spinshotz sets may be added on. Adding sets and discs allows more opportunities for creativity and more action. As it is this set is rather limited and we can just give it 2 stars . There is potential for more fun with more track and discs.
This is a cute toy, and my nephew likes it a lot.. but I feel that it under performs. It really doesn't go go more than a few inches when pulled back. All in all I would say that it's adequate, not good. It was purchased because Little O love Mickey, and is satisfied. Aunt katie, not so much.
This particular Fisher Price idea--to create a way for babies and toddlers to play with your iphone apps without damaging precious electronics--seems like a smart idea.  In actual practical application, this particular design is a bit of a dud.First off, the case is certainly sturdy enough.  The book format with the toy rings attached is attractive and cute--a little unwieldy--but certainly good for keeping an iphone  safely tucked inside, away from drool, goo and other dangerous substances and behaviors.  However, securing the device inside is tricky:  Even my husband had huge issues with unlocking the device to put his iphone in to use, and then unlocking it later to remove his phone.  This makes it really inconvenient when kids with short attention spans want to play with more than one app in rapid succession--since each time the phone has to be removed to change the game or activity.To be honest, my kids were less than charmed by this.  My nephew of a few months chewed on the toy but had no interest in the apps.  My daughter of two years tried to play with it a bit, but found the interactivity less than desirable.  It's hard to get the tracking to work well through the barrier.  She finally got frustrated and wanted to throw it--and we decided we really didn't need to test just how durable and safe this case was.  My 4 year old was entirely uninterested in playing the iphone apps with the case and preferred to use our desktop computer if offered the opportunity.Great idea, not so great execution.Shanshad ^_^
As other reviewers have noted, this play set does not function very well or consistently. After some initial frustration my daughters were able to get the fountain thing to finally work, but intermittently. They made a huge mess but ended up laughing about it. But it definitely is not going to get played with much and was quickly forgotten. The only part they still play with is the little Ariel figurine, and the swing which they have attached to something else.
Mine was a fake. Beware. Look at the box in the photo, it is not what you will receive. Missing the copyright and it's unsafe and has lead.
I got this for my daughter's 14th birthday.  I should have spent the extra money and purchased the one at Hot Topic, but I didn't.  Derpy arrived all derpy ... seriously.  The box was all smashed and she looks like a cheap toy, not a collector toy.  The lines are all off on whomever put the poor girl together.  Maybe it was intentional because she is Derpy?  Either way, she doesn't look collector like ... spend your money on muffins instead :)
This was purchased for my 5 year old son who loves both Angry Birds and Star Wars.  In order to put up you need an adult to help,  and to play the game takes a lot of time to hit the board and the game to be completed.  Not big on giving things bad reviews BUT wouldn't recommended this.  Unless again an adult is there to help play and set up the game.
This broke within a week of owning. My child is not rough with toys at all. This was a huge disappointment for him. If your kid really loves superhero's get the ironman one instead. Ironman is lasting a lot longer!!
Thanks to &#34;Hunger Games&#34; for driving the demand for these up just before Christmas.  Overall, not a very good nerf gun, terrible performance.
I returned this item as quickly as I got it. Horrible quality, doesn't stay upright. Then I couldn't fully disassemble for return...Horrible !!! Fisher price should be ashamed of themselves.
I was excited at the idea and prospect of getting this wacky chan version of Batman but I gotta say the final product is kinda hurtin...why? well, the head is grossly out of scale. its super large, in fact its the single largest head sculpt applied to any 6" DC figure ever, no joke it looks really strange it bugs the heck out of me. not sure how the creators/designers of the figure don't notice it....also the head cant even look up or down, it has one of those suspicious swivel type necks that plagued DC Universe Classics during waves 9-12...the paint is drab, in fact there isn't really paint. this figure would have benefited from a nice black wash or any sort of darker shadows. lack of rocker ankles on dc figures is the word, and it sucks.The baseball bat accessory is severely warped from the way its packed in the blister...Batmite is the best reason to buy this product, he's cool and looks dope in his black and grey duds!
For K'NEX, this is a disappointing set.  The instructions for assembly are not up to par, but the launcher is the worst.  The concept, of course, is to slingshot the birds into the target and crush the pigs.  However, reality is not so much a slingshot as a catapult.  The catapult depends on the elastic properties of the K'NEX pieces - and that part is okay, but it also depends on the joint between two pieces.  Once you pull it back, that joint fails more often than not.  So the launcher really doesn't work.  The gimmick involved is that the launcher base makes the angry birds sounds, and after about five minutes, that got old.It didn't take long for the kids to get tired of this and go back to their Legos.
This is sort of obvious, but don't put this on a rash or irritated skin, and if you or you're child is allergic to any ingredient in this then just don't buy them, it's common sense. These don't last long and are weak at best, so only get these as a party favor at you're five year old daughter's birthday party
I just bought this for my daughter (shes 4) last night, it took over 1 hour just to download and update when it was finally finished she took it and was asking me whats wrong with is, it is very very slow, going to the home screen,  jumping from app to app or anything else you do on this is very slow, just not built right or just rushed to get this out on the market, after 20 minutes she was done with it and hasn't touched it since, I'm bringing it back today and sticking with the leappad 2 for now until we find something else for my daughter to use, some of the 5 star reviews on here were given a free LeapPad Ultra by Leapfrog to use and review, this is a real review it would of been great but this just ruins the whole thing.
I have a love hate relationship with Mattel. Mostly hate at this point. Same body molds, terrible crotch, no double joints, no ankle pivots, no articulation of heads for flying poses, no bases or dioramas.Well, this figure is all what is stated above and then some.The pros are, it has nice weapons, but they lack detail. The HANDGUN was poorly handled. It is molded with the thigh Attachment in the gun. You know how, the gun is supposed to hang on a belt or something...Mattel saw it fit to mold the peg end, into the gun....MOLD it into the gun itself....what? So the thigh has a hole and the gun has the male end that can be pegged into it.That's not the worst part. Look at the picture notice how weird Deathstroke is holding the staff. Notice how the elbow isn't bent like it should be. Well that is because to elbow can only bend about 20-30 degrees. Yep, it can barely bend.The legs are terrible. No thigh swivel and the legs can only really go back and forth but only about 10-20 degrees. No walking stances really or any type of acrobatic moves can be done with the figure. The legs CANNOT go outwards due to the molding. It MIGHT BE THE WORST ARTICULATED FIGURE EVER FROM THE CLASSICS LINE OR WHAT IS LEFT OF IT.But the sculpt looks nice(NEW MOLD) and the head is great, actually exceptional. But that cannot save this figure. It is ten times better than the recent Batman figure that is from m this line due to the weapons. Now I am returning this figure because it sucks and NO STAND is included like the description states. If you want a statue, this figure is one, if you want an action figure don't bother with the clunky, crappy, but well painted figure.1/2 a star for this crap. The mold is nice and so the weapons included minus the hand gun, but I am so frustrated with Mattel. This figure sucks, the Batman 66' line bites. Lets hope Toy Biz/Marvelous Toys gets the license. SKIP THIS AND WAIT FOR THE DC COLLECTIBLES VERSION.
Extremely annoying. My son drop it (on our carpeted floor) and it hasn't worked since. I changed the batteries and everything, nothing. Dead.
I specifically ordered a Genuine Disney Story Olaf 9 inch plush and received a fake chinese knock-off.  I purchased one of these in December at the Disney store and the one I received was obviously not the authentic Disney store version.  Definitely not worth the $30 I paid!
For some odd reasons, Blaster actually looks great inside of the box. It is not very articulated and the length of his limbs are a bit silly. I would give it a 4 star if only amazon were providing a better care of their storage. the box were heavily damaged. however, I did file a complain and got a partial refund.
It took my 5 year old about 2 hours to completely use up this book. She had fun but for the price, it seems like she got very little use out of it. I could buy her a FULL set of markers and a much larger Disney coloring book for less than the asking price of this set. She cried when she realized it didn't even have enough colors to make the pictures on the cover. I would go with something different.
I am not impressed with this toy. Sure, it lights up really nice with all of that translucent plastic and looks pretty, but that's the only positive thing I can say about it. The scale is too small - even for the included figures. A castle should have much more space than this. This is more of an igloo. Just how much time can a little girl have her doll look in a mirror or sit in a chair? This toy will have very limited re-playability for most kids (unless it is their ONLY toy). Everything feels very cheap and fragile, and nothing stays together well. The lights are just a gimmick to lure in more buyers. This product is, unfortunately, like many other Disney toys in that it has been cheaply made. I have no doubt this thing will break in short order. Please don't support Disney through the purchase of this cheaply-made gimmick. I'm sure you can find better ways to spend $35.00 (like on the Blu-ray of this movie).
Forget about a relaxing time playing card this Uno Blast is very noisy you will never get relax when you know the cards will pop out, you'll need to learn new boring rules, I prefer the classic UNO, this game is too unpredictable, noisy and stressfully for me.
After making the 8 cake pops (that's what they supply you enough for) I threw this POS in the trash. First off-the name bake shouldnt be in it. You can't use anything you can get in the store since it's a fill and refrigerate method. There wasnt enough to fill up the ball cup things, making it impossible for the sticks to stay in. When we went to frost it...ugh it was a mess! At first it was to runny-it said if the icing looks to thick to add water, so I did and it turned to a drippy mess. The second batch I did the exact amount of water it required. It was too thick to dip into the icing, so we used the crappy spatula it came with. The things fell completly apart when we tried to do this. Save your money on this! Barnes and Noble has awesome bake pop kits-for baking that you can use like regular cake-with sticks and a book of decoration ideas for $20.
Cute but cheaply made. The hair is thin and tangles easily, the brush pulls strands out as you brush. The strip they have to be the tail is thin and barely there at all, Monster High does better hair then this. I knew these were going to be cheap little dolls, but I was hoping for better made. It shows two brushes in the picture, but it only comes with one, the earrings are the kind that you hang on the ears and if you're not careful, they come off easily.
One of my primary areas of collecting is Batman figures in the 6-7 inch scale, and no series has excited me quite like DC Collectibles' (formerly DC Direct) Arkham Asylum/ Arkham City line. DC Collectibles has created some excellent figures over the past few years but recently I've started having some serious trouble with their product.  I've only had my Deadshot for about a week and his arm just fell off.  DC Collectibles seems to use a really weird clear plastic for their shoulder joints as I have now had this happen with 3 figures (Killer Croc, Talia al Ghul, and Deadshot).  I'm definitely not sitting around playing with my toys: Generally once I photograph and review my figures I put them on a shelf along with the rest of my Batman figures.I'm really concerned about what DC Collectibles is releasing. I was a longtime DC Direct customer and never had any problems with any figures or product from them, but within the past 12 months I've had a slew of problems with DC Collectibles (besides the 3 figures I had with arms that fell off, I've also had an Azrael figure that arrived with ripped arm blades and a Batgirl statue that arrived cracked in the package).  I usually give much fuller reviews of product, but with Deadshot, I'm simply giving a warning: Only buy from a retailer with a good return policy because I have never had any luck contacting DC Collectibles themselves.  This figure gets two stars simply because the sculpt is amazing. If the figure's arm hadn't just fallen off, I would have easily given it 5 stars.
I was disappointed with Outrageous Science Kit. It includes instructions, test tube holder, test tubes and lids, garbled marbles, super absorbent crystals, insta-snow powder, mixing tray, measuring scoop, fizzing tablets, pipette, color wheel, plastic cups and clear spheres.I knew something was up when I seen the flimsy box and felt how light in weight the box was. They make it seem like those are tons of contents by the list but it's not. There really isn't a lot here. To complete the science experiments included, you must use more items from your home. Some we had some around the house and some we did not.This is really nothing but the Orbeez turned into a science experiment. We have actually found Orbeez-type product sold in a test tube before at our Target but I think they only cost $1. The fizzing tablets are the food coloring tablets that come in Easter Egg kits at Easter. We already have several of those that we literally can get after Easter for a quarter a kit.This is way over-priced for what you get but the kids did enjoy playing with the Orbeez-like marbles.
Previously, my review stated: "This is a cool app and camera case that protects the iPhone from drops while giving our 4 year-old a lot of creative options for how to manipulate pictures after he takes them. Tons of fun so far, but I'm holding back one star because I'm not sure how long it will keep his attention and remain interesting..."But after a couple more uses we noticed several cracks on the rear of the iPhone we'd been using, which we can only relate to using it in this camera case. We followed all the instructions for use, but it seems to put too much pressure on the back of the phone when snapping the case closed. Not cool at all.
The product in itself is so cheap. I took it out of the shipping and it felt cheap-the first thing I thought was Oh my kids arent going to care for this. But we opened and tried a few of the "experiments" they were bored to death.A bored kid is not a good thing.Would not recommend.
Nothing like it shows on tv, my daughter was expecting a big tummy stuffer, apparently they only come in one size. She was very disappointed, too small hardly anything fits ....
What I mean is the pieces don't click together the way legos do and after putting just a few pieces together I could feel myself getting more and more irritated by the amount of pinching force required.  In fact, after ten minutes my hand was feeling a bit numb.While the picture makes this look like legos, the reality is far far different.Also, the set wasn't very fun, I couldn't figure out why the giant gorilla had such an angry expression and what the heckola is going on with the human banana man?  Who even came up with the banana man concept?  Seriously, it seems a bit creepy for a children's toy, fruit shaped human edibles?  Really, it's fun kiddos!Anyways, In addition to the tasty human banana there's a woman driving a jungle transport with a banana on top, my guess is she's trying to entice the giant angry gorilla away from banana man with a piece of fruit roughly 1/20th banana man's size.  Doesn't seem very likely, but it might just be crazy enough to work.There's some random exposed pipe work, so I guess if the kids get tired of the angry gorilla vs. banana man antics they can move onto some shoddy plumbing drama.All in all, not the best toy.
I bought this today at Toys R us. My son has shown a real interest in drawing lately and laying in his tummy to color. So how perfect is this mat? NOT perfect. So incredibly upset. Just like everyone else has already mentioned, the markers do NOT work. my son was so sad. Even more sad that I had to take it away from my son. Now I have to take it all the way back. What a epic fail from crayoloa.
Making the castle/buildings to knock down was fun for my boys, but options are slightly limited due to the way the pieces fit together.  The Softee Dough itself smells funny and dried out very quickly.  We ended up throwing away all the dough and just using Play-Doh since it is higher quality.
Updated March 10, 2014.  Original review below the line.We had some friends come over, and they decided to ride on this after being idle for a month or so.  (Hey, it rains a lot in the PacNW.)  This was kept semi-exposed to the elements in part of a loafing shed.Alas, kids got on it, took off at 7mph, tried turning around the corner, but the THROTTLE PEDAL STUCK.  There are no brakes on this thing; you slow down by lifting off the throttle.  When you're turning at 7mph, things go badly.  The kids were thrown off into mud, and the car smashed into a tree, where it still kept going.Luckily the kids were safe with just some scratches, bruises, and mouthfuls of mud.I contacted Peg Perego:  there are no recalls on this item, but they did send a new throttle pedal and a printout of how to install it.Overall, this thing is dangerous:  there needs to be some kind of spring on the outside of the pedal casing to always push the pedal back up.  Even if there already is one in the casing, redundancy would've prevented our injuries.  I don't know why the pedal sticks, but I can only guess it's because of some kind of debris got into the casing itself, which is ridiculous.  A kids toy that's mean to be outside, and DIRT could potentially cause injuries?  Come on guys...While fun, this is obviously not safe, and I no longer recommend it.----------------------------------------------So we've all seen the little cars at big box stores that are roughly the same idea as this:  kid gets in and can ride around.  Difference is, the ones that run for a couple hundred bucks in a box store generally seats one kid, goes very, very slow, doesn't hold a charge, and can barely make it through thick carpet, much less a slight incline outside.In steps Peg Perego.  Yes, this entire thing is still mostly a large collection of plastic parts to make it look like something cooler than what it is (but really, aren't all cars, especially luxury cars the same thing?)  The differences with this go much further:  depending on how much you're really taxing it, the battery lasts quite a while - long enough (most of the time) to have the kiddo ready to do something else.  The weight limit here is 150 (total - not per kid, fatty), and while the more weight on it the quicker the battery dies, at least it's an option.The speed of this is awesome.  With the cheaper units (I suppose designed for smaller kids that maybe can't walk yet?), the top speed is basically "very slow walking speed" that's kind of boring.  This one, at 7mph (or if your kiddo is small, there's a governor that'll hold it to 3.5mph), is quick.  Quicker than your kid (or you) are going to be walking continuously.  No, it's not an outright sprint, driving around 7mph on this for a while is much more fun than running around at 7mph until your heart is pounding and your left arm goes numb.While we're using this on some acreage and a relatively small house, if you have the opposite (big house, not much land), it may also be fun.  However, because of its speed and ability to actually go through gravel/driveway, grass, dirt, etc, I'd say it'd be much more fun than just driving from bedroom to kitchen to living room, with a couple crashes into your Tiffany lamps thrown in for good measure.Delivery (for me) was done via a scheduled delivery with CEVA (some delivery place I had previously never heard of) that was very friendly and accommodating to my schedule - they just needed a 4-hour window on a weekday for delivery.  Setup was also very easy...and kind of fun.  There are lots of plastic pieces to snap all over the place, but it leads up to the anticipation of actually driving it around...which won't be the same day as you open the box, because...If you're buying this as a gift, unless you don't really like the kid you're giving it to, OPEN THE BOX AND CHARGE THE BATTERY A DAY OR TWO PRIOR.  The first charge REQUIRES an 18 HOUR charge, lest you damage the battery - forever.  (By damage, it means that it'll never hold a "full" charge, so maybe you'll end up with 10 minutes of drive time, for example.)  It's all pretty easy to get back into the box, so just do it so you don't have a disappointed little guy wishing 18 hours of his life away before he can play on his new ATV.All in all, a great product that for me has been performing as well as advertising (which is actually better than I expected.)  Doesn't work so well in muddy or heavily saturated yards, but I didn't really think it would.  Recommended.
If you do not buy magic erasers then do not get these.  My shower wall is stained from the red crayon.  It took a week of trying different products to remove this stuff before I found magic erasers did the trick.  By then the red smears had stained with faint redness still showing.  Also with nightly use they will only last about 2 weeks tops.
I had high hopes for this because my sister's kids had the Aquadoodle mat and this, I thought, was basically the same thing...NOT!!! I was extremely let down by Crayola's poor quality product. I'll start by saying the one positive thing I can say is that I liked the carrying handle and the bands inside to hold the markers and the drawing surface is large, but that doesn't matter considering that you can't even see what you're drawing because the markers are so light (unlike the bright colors shown on the box = false advertisement) it's basically like invisible ink! Of the four markers included, the yellow and orange are the worst and don't even show up! The green comes out looking gray and the purple comes out a very very light pink.Yet another issue with this piece of junk is that if your child so much as touches the ink on the mat, it smudges off the mat and all over their hands. Also, if you leave the "color," if you can call it that, on the mat too long (about an hour), it stains the mat and no amount of wiping will get it off. Finally, they claim the "wet" eraser  will erase the marker in one swipe - not so because you have to push down on it and swipe at the same time several times to remove the marker. My daughter was so disappointed with this and we are going to get theAquaDoodle - Draw N Doodle - Classic Matinstead because on that we can actually SEE our drawings! Don't waste your money on this epic Crayola fail! I can't even believe that this product made it out into society because it's such poor quality.
Was going to include in stockings; but the item is so poorly made and looks so cheap; decided to trash them.
Love the concept of this doodle mat and ordered it for my 3-year-old granddaughter. She was excited to use it but we were both disappointed that the markers do not work well with the mat. They barely show up. She also had trouble using the eraser to remove them and I had to do that for her and had to press down hard to get it to work. I'm wondering if dry erase markers would work better but haven't tried it yet. She hasn't played with it since so I'm not sure she'll want to.
I played this game with my sister (33) and my 18 year old son, I'm 40-just to give you an idea of the age range.We had a few laughs, but let's be clear: we were laughing at the absurdity of the game, NOT having a great time with the answers.My husband and I are big fans of the game Cards against Humanity. When played with the right mix of people, you can get some wild answers, and have some real down and dirty laughs. I assume this game was going for the same idea, granted a more PG-13 version.What we got was some ridiculous questions-many of which are the same just worded differently-and no real discussion.&#34;You're having a great time, and after a few dates are confident this person is someone you can see yourself with. Then you find out they wear a wig.&#34;Dealbreaker? Good to go?&#34;Why aren't they asking things like-&#34;You're date seems awesome, but you found out they were in jail for assault and battery?&#34;That was my 18 year olds summation of the game, along with, &#34;This should be called &#34;How petty are you?&#34;My sister, though less vocal, had about the same opinion of the game. Add to the it there are only 49 cards, and it moves really fast. That can be a good thing, though if the idea is to play and spark some discussion and laughter, there just isn't enough cards to really get that ball rolling.This game was silly, and as some other reviewers mentioned there isn't a whole lot of replay value here. For ten more dollars buy Cards against humanity or a trivial pursuit (still one of my favorite games!) game instead.
my son likes it but it really does not do much. I got it for a good price but I would never pay full price for this item.
This KRE-O CityVille Invasion Police Station Zombie Defense Set is a relatively fun build for the kid who likes zombie-themed stuff. My oldest daughter loves everything "zombie" ever since The Walking Dead premiered on TV, so she was pretty excited to build and play with this. The vibration function is kind of cool, but it didn't work for the turret in the set -- it only worked for the little guys on the hover board and the satellite spinning. Pretty disappointing, but it is what it is. Overall, my daughter played with it maybe 3 times before she had enough of it. For a younger 8-10 age range it might provide a little more enjoyment, but I wouldn't recommend it as a purchase.
My family enjoys playing games and we like to add a new game to our arsenal every once in a while.  So we added Deal Breaker: The Game by Zobmondo.Its rated adult for 18 and older but I think it was kind of silly. Deal Breaker comes with game cards that set forth different dating scenarios and you are to answer whether this scenario would be a relationship-ender, thus the title &#8220;deal breaker.&#8221;The cards are in the form of drink coasters and there are only 49 of them, so after one or two ventures into playing this game it is obsolete. Give it to a friend or toss it!  Very disappointing; will stick with Tapple, my other recently-acquired game that is lots of fun and more enduring.
I got the doll out of the box and saw that the dolls leg was cracked. Now my daughter doesn't want to play with it because she is scared to break it. She is leaving it in the stand.
My boy and his friend did not like this at all. I will review this based on what they told me. At first they were very excited about trying this one out. Once they got everything out and set it up they played with it for about an hour. They said the stuff was cheap and boring. The worst part of this product was this construction compound that did not stay hard and made a mess( I had a feeling that was going to happen so I had them play one the hardwood floors for easy cleanup).Thumbs down!  Get something else for your kids!
First, I couldn't get the app to open online, after giggling with it, turning it on/off multiple times, I finally got that to work.Then, after 12 sets of batteries, I just gave up. These were brand new batteries and I made sure I put them in the correct direction. The console would not light up and would never pair up through the bluetooth device.This was such a disapointment for my 7 year old. This was the top item on her Christmas list and now I have to tell her that we have to return it because it just does not work!!! How disappointing to ruin a child's wish on Christmas.
No, really? Is this a Disney product? The flip in my case NEVER worked. The tracks do not match and the cars get stuck. This was a gift and fortunately I did not spent a cent on this piece of junk. But unfortunately someone else did and my son could have had a toy that he could play with!I'm really disappointed, Disney must make a recall and give back the money or a coupon with the same value spent.
FurReal Friends Daisy Plays-With-Me Kitty Toy is adorable.Daisy basically pounces, rears up, pounces, makes bread, and sings a little meow song that sounds like a cartoon character and not a cat.  She is cute, but doesn't have enough functions to warrant long term play.  Playing with her is not as intuitive or integrated as playing with, for example, &#34;Cuddles&#34; the monkey.Daisy has a sensor (button) on her right front paw and above her tail, as well as a sensor in the front of her head.  The head sensor is triggered more naturally- by petting her or waving her feathery toy in front of her.  The paw and back sensors are buttons, and the one in the foot is particularly small.  It's less natural petting and playing and more searching for the buttons by feel.  The back ones are on the topside of her butt, where her tail connects.She is mostly a few-trick kitty and after around 30 minutes of playing with her, she was put next to the bucket of stuffed buddies in my son's room and there she sat for almost 3 weeks before we remembered she was there.  I was hoping she would be more real-kitty ish (the bread making/kneading motion do feel very real), and while she is more advanced than the battery operated fuzzy pets we used to get on Canal Street when I was little, she doesn't seem to do much more than the stuff they did, albeit in a more random fashion.For us it is just not a &#34;must have&#34; toy or one we would ever purchase to give someone else, knowing how limited the play and experience is... The price, to me, seems high for the play potential... My son did enjoy it, but lost interest when Daisy became a bit too repetative and predictable.
The recommended ages for this set are 4 to 15. I'm not too sure about the ability of most 4 year olds to make these forts without a lot of frustration. I would tend to have 5 or 6 year olds on up and then also have my doubts concerning anyone over 14, but as usual children are different. My 10 year old grandson turned his nose up at these and left his 8 year old brother to have his fun with itAlso realize, these are not building blocks, it is a gritty play dough type material which, even with the included play mats can create more of a mess than a parent or grandparent might be happy with. I did not appreciate all the `crumbles `that were created during play and during the construction of the blocks.The art work on the box is misleading; the blocks are not even an inch tall. The blocks did not knock over very easily with the `boulders' that were catapulted at them. The plastic molds that you put the substance in does not always want to release the blocks and I vetoed the idea of using spray cooking oil, which just would have added to the mess.Sad to say, between the mess and the small rubbery type blocks, which my grandsons agreed... that this would have been more fun with heavier plastic blocks,  this seems to be an almost one use toy.
While there are several versions, including clones and fake versions of the SYMA S107, many of which may perform competently, there is one version to be aware of. This is known as the reverse polarity counterfeit (RPC). Because of incompatibilities in circuitry, these can cause documented electrical hazards if used with standard chargers and cables from SYMA.mine was purchased from planet stuff, llc, as did at least 2 other reviewers.
First, the charger doesn't stay in the helicopter. Secondly, it won't even charge. So frustrating and impossible getting this thing to charge. Disappointed. I won't be buying a SYMA again. Luckily, Amazon is good about taking defective items back.
Mattel just keeps thinking of new ways to market the same figure in a new costume. Little girls love Barbie and little girls love butterflies. Hey, let's make Barbie a butterfly! What child can say no to that?  Great idea for cartoons, hard to make work in toy form.This Barbie is just very limiting for a child. Her wings do not move. If they could have mechanized a way to do that and make them flutter, this one would be a huge hit. We had a fairy doll that does and the kids went crazy over it.The bodice of her dress is molded/painted onto her body. A nice feature in some ways, but the back of her skirt is permanently stitched to the back of her waist the same way that the Tori/Popstar doll is. It cannot be removed and my kids want to know if they can cut it off.One of the "joys" of having Barbie is changing her clothes constantly. That cannot be done with this one. Barbie the mutant butterfly/X-men trainee is smiling despite having a skirt stitched to her body and immovable wings. Her true joy in this life is knowing that she will soon be attending classes with Wolverine. That is why she keeps smiling.I would not recommend this doll to anyone. It was a real killjoy and was thrown quickly into the box of "maybe someday" toys with reckless abandon.
My little one got this doll from his sister and started licking off the painted top of the dress.The doll itself is cheaply made but that might be forgiven as it is a case with all Mattel dolls,however the painted on outfit is another story. It should not be the case.My older daughter was so happy and proud of her Elsa dress that I got her at Disney Store,the dress was AMAZING, she was supposed to take the costume and the doll on the trip toDisneyland during the Spring Break because of course we know it from our past trips duringthe Sofia or Tangled release that the newest movie never comes to the Parks in terms ofcostumes or dolls until a year or so later. We got very disappointed twice so we knowthat there is NO WAY there will be any costume to buy nor doll to have there from the Frozen movieand of course all kids will be bringing their costumes with them so that would be disappointing.Now one doll wasted later we are back to the drawing board and I have to look for another Elsa doll.My two older girls are going this year one as Anna and another as Elsa to Disney and they are so proud oftheir costumes. I feel very lucky and happy about the costumes we grabbed at the Dsiney store becauseof course now they are sold out too.If you can find anywhere authentic Disney dolls, do go with them instead. The same goes to the costumes.Stay away from toys store items that are cheap and end up in the trash.
O.K., I know about the weird deal- you get one wig and one pair of shoes ("Say whaaat?!") and two dolls. I always checked out these sets when in stores, but always balked at the above and the $20.00 price. That is, until Amazon brought the price down to $13.00, and even down to $9.00 the closer it got to Xmas 2012 (I paid the $13.00). Finally, we could check this set out. Here is my data:You get:-1 wig: magenta, long, layered, slightly wavy with bangs and lavender highlights framing face and crown, very soft-2 beautiful heads-2 torsos-2 sets of arms and legs that separate at mid-points-2 plastic, gray ears for wolfie-2 soft plastic, translucent sea green wings for draco-1 polyester sleeveless dress that stays up with crescent moons, monster eyes, and the MH logo skull-1 polyester matching short jacket with pink crescent moons and hole for dragon wings-1 poly halter top that ties at back and has Velcro, green-1 poly matching skirt-1 pair of cool boots with white crescent moonFull moon:-Some pieces snap together easily.-Wig and wings are easy to place.-Parts do not fall off/become loose.-Outfits are cute.-No jewelry to fuss with.-Boots are easy on, easy off.-Dragon body parts are scaly, have leg and arm "fins", and pretty diamond markings on the left side.New Moon:-Some pieces do not snap easily together.-Our wig's bangs are splayed.-Heads sit a bit high.-Skirt rides up.-No jewelry to fuss with.-Only one wig.-Only one pair of boots.-Ears do not snap into wolf's head- you have to clip them into the hair like barrettes. Difficult for even me, placement is always off, and a portion of the clip shows no matter how hard you try.-Halter is hard to tie, you have to create an impossible-to-untie knot to keep it on.Now that I know all about these types of sets, take it from me- you can live without them unless they go on sale.And Mattel: Shame on you for creating depression due to your cheapness. Whose idea was/is that to not fully deck out these babes? Why torture innocent children and adults who quickly glance at packages with small print ("Only 1 wig included") before purchasing, never knowing that one doll will prance around bald and shoeless? Yeah, I knew, and I bought this set, but it still stinks. I realized I made a mistake when I saw my daughter's face upon learning that there was only one wig. In the future, it would be nice if you could also include some sheep that can go missing.
These don't work very well. I wanted to love it since we are huge disney fans, but we use it now for just pretend play.
this figure is just too shinny. I prefer the plain version from the previous release. however, it is still a decent figure. the articulation could be better, tho.
On the good side, this bookcase/dollhouse/playset looks attractive and artfully decorated and fun to play around with.Each level of the ship is decorated uniquely, and there's enough cannons and figurines to keep the set entertaining.Unfortunately, I regret to admit that it's also broken within the first few days of ownership and drawn blood on one of our children.The problem is that both the figurines and the bookcase itself have flat pieces that extend out that are:1. Very weak at the joints and prone to levering off which in turn...2.... exposes sharp screws that can tear into children's skin.In our case, our one year old (who is tiny) fell against one of the doors and pried it right off. Later, my six year old fell down near the bookcase and scraped her back up on the screws.The levering off/exposing screws also happened to one of the figurines within days of receiving the bookcase under normal play conditions.On the one hand it's a beautiful bookcase, but unfortunately it's poorly designed and unsafe. I simply can't recommend it.
This art collection looks a lot bigger than it is.  it contains a palette of water color tablets, two cheap brushes, 8 crayons, a large coloring pad, and a small activity pad (with some punch-out dolls and a few other things).  What it does have a lot of is stickers. A few sheets of princess stickers, a tube fuill of other stickers, and three big foam princess stickers.Any kid who likes Disney Princesses will initially be psyched to get this, but will quickly run out of use for it.What I found particularly disappointing - almost offensive even - is the packaging.  All these cheap art supplies are wrapped in enough plastic to smother a horse.  You'd think the items inside were made of gold, but no, they're  one-use art supplies mixed with stickers and is probably worth all of 99 cents.
I ordered this train for my cousin's son for Christmas, he's 3 and loves trains.  It arrived on time and seemed fine enough, until I put the batteries in.  Oh my!! The sound is very loud and the lights are very bright and nothing like I imagined...they are crazy and spinning and perhaps I can not appreciate its charm because I am not a child, but I was a little embarrassed giving it to my cousin.  I contemplated taking the batteries out and letting them see the train in all its glory when I wasn't around, but in the end left them in and lucky for me he received a big wheels that occupied all his time and never took t he train out of its box. I would not recommend this.
Tried through Vine!The track was put together pretty easily by myself. I haven't tried it on carpet like some reviewers but on the linoleum floor it works pretty well. The upper track is pretty bad in my opinion, and overall I am glad I got this free. I'd say it couldn't be worth more than 15 bucks because it simply isn't fun. I'd say about 6 years old is the best kid age for this toy but that may be pushing it.I think Disney just let the manufacturer give 'em money and slap their logo on this, and Cars is a far cry from a great Pixar franchise, but someone let it rival Hot Wheels by slapping four times the price on the same toy, basically.Anyway if you must have Cars, I would skip this race track entirely.
I paid $3 for this at a store on clearance. This toy is horrible. It took me about 15 minutes to put the thing together. You have to actually punch out all the little holes yourself on the main board. Nothing stays in place. Swampy and his bath fall off to. You can't play this. Poor construction. I feel ripped off at $3! Bad bad toy!
I got this for my almost 2 year old little boy for Christmas. He is really into airplanes right now and I wanted to get him a really cool one to play with. This is not it!! I can't believe I paid 12 bucks for a tiny piece of plastic barely bigger than his tiny hand. He had zero interest in this....I don't blame him. There is nothing special about this..it looks like it came from a vending machine!
Furbies keep speaking non-sense, and most times, repetitive. After second day, It almost goes to my head to keep hearing the same nuisance. Nonetheless, kids do enjoy petting and playing around with Furbies.
first off I got this on sale after Christmas, paid $99.00 and let me tell you its a complete waste of money! very flimsy, elevator sticks constantly because the parts are not correct! there is no fixing this, its junk! everything falls off, I decided to buy plastic shelves and make my own version, much better & far cheaper! AVOID this! it will save you alot of stress & frustration & money!
My kid wanted this so desperately since Christmas that I finally succumbed and got her the Furby Boom. It looks adorable out of the box and spoke very sweetly. My 6 year old was quick to feed /name and do all things with the IPAD app. Then after 4 hours it suddenly screamed &#34;me change&#34; and started talking in a masculine voice and its eyes turned fiery (clearly you could see this was a some mad person !) and my 6 year old was reduced to tears witnessing this personality change. We could not understand why the toy was suddenly acting so horrible!!  We just put &#34;her&#34; to sleep and my daughter got up the next morning and was literally afraid to wake up the shrieking banshee.. we thank our luckly stars that it suddenly turned into a sweet girl again and for now , speaks in a girlish voice. My daughter and I are very cautious and waiting for it to return to its mad avatar!.I read the reviews by other helpful owners but I truly thinking it is not worth the money nor the time to have a toy with multiple personalities. And, it is hearbreaking when your kid cries  as she does not know what she did to make it mad!As a parent, I hate the constant jabbering and the high pitched demands-- there is no off button or lower volume other than the option to make it to go to sleep. May be an older kid can handle this better (not sure) but this is definitely not for a small kid who does not know anything about multiple personalities.  Now that I have bought it, I am stuck with it as my daughter will not let me give this away and at the same time she is so cautious about how she talks to the toy that I am having post-purchase dissonance.
I have yet to receive a 911 w/o problems.This one has body and tail booms shakes.Tail rotor does not sit level, perpendicular, to set the gyros.[...]Poor quality control. Returning.
Real-life games based on hit video games are never quite good, and this is no exception. Its biggest "crime" is the parts barely fit together, and the pegs are so tiny that they are difficult to insert and easy to lose. There's very little play value to the game, where two or more kids take turns playing cards and then drop a few poor-quality plastic marbles. Pretty lame.
Well, for 30 bucks, including whatever it costs to include Disney characters, what do we expect.As the other reviewer has pointed out, nearly everything about this toy disappoints. A younger child might have some fun with it, but it isn't well designed or laid out, so savvy buyers should find a way to take their money elsewhere.
My son absolutely loved this pillow. I did not like its quality. First the plastic top is very cheap plastic that scratched easy. In fact it arrived with a protective clear plastic cover and was very scratched when first opened. It became worse with time. We were very let down when the power button failed. It wouldn't work after approx 60 days. Our son was very sad about the loss. Luckily a few days later he let it go and moved on to another animal for bedtime. Thank goodness because I would not buy it again.It should have remained in the cheap as seen on TV category but unfortunately Target and other retailers gave it wider distribution. The markup on this thing has to be 99%.
Having no interest in the Bane character ("big" figure does not make "good" figure) purchased this "set" for the Batman figure.It was not until I got home from the frequented Indian grocery and comic book shop that I realized I already have this figure.With "all sales final" being the store policy, I ended up throwing the figures into the toy box that ultimately goes to the capitalistic thrift shop I visit once a year (for tax purposes.). All in the good name of "charity" of course.
UPDATE: After it sat in the corner of the playroom, mostly unused, I went to move it and discovered that most of the screws holding the top part on have come away, leaving the top part of the picture loose.  That takes a lot away from the durability of this.This took about two hours to put together and there were a lot of swear words involved.  I can't repeat those here.  Initially it was a one-man job until I needed a wall held up while I screwed in from the other side.  I also set it up on a coffee table that has a lip around the edge of it so I knew I was dealing with square and I was able to use the corner as a brake of sorts.  Screwing together fiberboard to fiberboard leaves a lot of room for interpretation and it is really easy to get out of straight.It's really critical that the pieces of fiberboard line up with the holes in the wood blocks that kind of go around the outside of this.  It was a great idea to incorporate some wood pieces to give the house a little more stability but it is especially risky to screw in screws from fiberboard into wood.  The wood resists being screwed into and the fiberboard gives way.The same side that was drilled incorrectly also did not line up correctly in the picture.  The sail is off, as is the boat.The fiberboard itself is not that big of a problem but books should not go in this.B000JKNTIGis made from sturdier fiberboard and aMelissa & Doug Deluxe Puppet Theaterout of similar material, but it gets used differently.The pirate toys are also cute but mostly they are one-dimensional boys with a stand up prop behind them and four cannons.And, no girls?  Girls can be pirates, too.It was certainly fun the first few hours it was put together but there's a big box with a tablecloth over it that they give equal attention to.  The big box can be thrown out when it gets compromised.
Don't waste you time and money on this one.it is horrible ,it is not stable ,breaks very easy .connecting balls a difficult to insert and sticks popping out all the time.it is a good idea but poor quality and  frustrating.
Just bought this for my boys, they only played with it for less than an hour. Am hoping they will pick it up soon cos that will be a waste of my money. They kept hearing other people too, just not something they liked. But it's Mickey Mouse and it's made well.
This doll is very cheap plastic! The dress rips easy and the sparkles go everywhere! My daughter loves Elsa  but this doll is for the birds
Our eight year old loves Barbie and was excited to get this. She loved the costume but was disappointed none of the advertised features worked. The switch/button for the costume change was a dud. And the wings could only be moved manually.
My 11 year-old son received this much-coveted toy for Christmas. He has been able to get a few uses out of it these past 2 days, but we're having major issues charging it and getting it to work once it is charged. He is terribly disappointed. It is the gift he likes best...other than the fact that it doesn't work most of the time! I'm going to have to contact the company. Hopefully they'll take care of everything and make it right.P.S. The warning posted on the propeller is humorous: "If blade damage don't be fly, otherwise it will create the human body or blame damage." What?! We've had some laughs over that.
I bought this helicopter for my husband and it broke after one fall. He was very disappointed and replacement parts weren't worth the cost or effort.
Do not waste your money on this product.  Very flimsy and doesn't go together very well.  It is supposed to neatly fold up for storage but due to the poor construction quality it just falls apart.  The Elmo train doesn't stay on the tracks very well. The packaging was also a pain to get all the parts off of the cardboard. The only positive is that the Elmo train talks. Wish I had never had bought this train set.  Pure junk.
I bought this doll for my four year old daughter for Christmas after she saw it in a store in November. When we took it out of the package, no amount of yanking and tugging (straight down, left to right, everything) would get the skirt to come down and the tail to go up.  Figuring that we got one that was defective, I returned it for another one.  The same thing happened! The product is poorly designed and does not seem to work.  Even if I could have forced the skirt to come out, there was no way my four year old was going to be able to do it on her own.  I returned this doll and bought her Mariposa Barbie instead. Also, the doll is advertised to sing when you pull the tail.  It DOES, but it is a 2 second snippet of the song.  It barely starts before it is over. It wasn't even long enough to enjoy listening to.  Awful product, Mattel. Back to the drawing board on this one.
First of all, I signed up to receive THIS product - the Crayola Fortress Invasion - and was sent the Dino Destruction play set, which was NOT what I wanted. But I understand the confusion with product fulfillment, as the UPC code at the bottom of the Dino Destruction box does, in fact, read "Fortress Invasion." Hey, Crayola, Amazon, or whomever is responsible - get your packages straight!!But the frustrations don't end there. The molding compound and molds are likely the same in all play sets, so I'm sure this will apply to whatever Create2Destroy set is ordered. The molds are mostly non-descript rectangles - I could hardly tell *what* each mold was supposed to "be." And the compound does NOT come out with a "simple tap" from the mold - it totally sticks, and falls apart in the process of trying to get it out. The compound has an odd texture after a while, too. Once I did finally get a mold to come out and placed it on the play mat, the mold would stick - the texture of the compound touching the mat turned into something resembling chewed gum.I will say that my 5yo son had a great time shooting rolled-up balls of the compound from the catapults, but that's the extent of the real fun here. You would be better served by just using your own building blocks and toy cars to create a city/fortress/whatever, and then rolling up the compound to make projectiles to shoot from the catapults. Or else...you know...just not buying this set in the first place.
I don't recommend this toy. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because at least it is a construction toy that has three little tubs of clay (gritty clay) and a set of molds. Other than that, the set is a bomb. The clay is called Morphix, and the directions warn you explicitly that Morphix is abrasive and may damage surfaces (like tables, floors). For the intended age range, I'd rather have a product that does not require clay police. The molds themselves are very small, and the finished product does not, in my view, measure up to what appears on the box cover. When using the molds, the directions suggest turning them over and tapping them to get the clay out, but sometimes the clay just gets stuck. I don't mind that kids have to wait overnight for the clay to dry; we have plenty of building sets that require days to complete. But the whole result is underwhelming. The catapults are cheap and don't work terribly well. The play-mat is small and just part of the cardboard box. I think you'll end up finding this set deeply discounted at an arts and craft store near you.
DAUGHTER WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS TOY. SHE WAS UNABLE TO USE IT BECAUSE SHE DIDN'T HAVE THE IPAD THAT WAS NEEDED.  THIS WAS ONE OF THE MAIN TOYS SHE WANTED FOR CHRISTMAS AND WAS UNABLE TO USE IT. VERY DECEIVING.
The concept of this game is fine but I found the situations to be too predictable so there didn't seem to be a purpose in debating. Too many of the situations were CLEARLY deal breakers so....I didn't really like this game. I understand that being coasters, getting players a bit tipsy might make this game more fun but as is, it's not that great. And these situations are for adults as they reference drinking, gambling and &#34;spending the night&#34; with others. Not really a game to play with the family.
This is my first experience with KRE-O and I was impressed by the quality of the bricks. Unfortunately, the "motion" aspect of this set doesn't work well at all. The only thing that moves well is the search beacon on top. Play is limited to how many ways you can hack, crush, stab, shoot or run over the zombies and/or police. Our mystery figure was disappointing-another zombie, but a different color.The Sonic Motion brick's sound effects are so bad (siren, moan or ?) that I thought it was busted until I heard the perfectly clear "KRE-O!" yell when it shut off. My older kids (teen & pre-teen) were definitely "creeped" out and didn't like it at all.Also, when I ordered, I didn't know this was a mini set. The characters are seriously small (one stud footprint) and the building accommodates this size. The police car isn't made for the figures to get inside of it. There is only a stud on the top where a figure can ride on the roof. Since my kids don't have tiny fingers, they had a hard time playing with this toy.Buying these CityVille Invasion sets allows you to unlock special content in the free KRE-O CityVille Invasion app (which is a bit hard to find), available in the iTunes and Google Play app stores.For us, the only positive aspect of the CityVille Invasion Police Station Zombie Defense Set is that nearly everything-the weapons, hats, hair, heads are Lego compatible.
I bought three of these for my niece, she loves bubble guppies but when they arrived they were very small, not regular sized stuffed animals.  Not worth 11$ a piece
There are so many cool features about this toy. It has loops to hold the markers and the eraser and a pouch if you don't like the loops. It hangs on the wall or lays flat on the floor. Everything about the design of the matt is excellent. It's very clever.There is only one slight problem with the mat.... The markers hardly show up. It is so light that you can hardly see what you are drawing. The pictures on the box are clearly not real. There is no way these markers created those vibrant colors. I looked here on Amazon to see if there were replacement Doodle Magic Markers, and I couldn't find any. Maybe I was searching on the wrong item? So, that's annoying. Even if the markers did work well with the mat, replacements are not easily found.I love this idea - basically a foldable, portable dry erase board. Too bad it works so poorly.Hey Crayola - FIX THE MARKERS!!!!!
This thing is not even close to as functional as the Little Tikes Pillow Racers we have, not to mention that a child's feet out in front of them or up in the air instead of on the ground is really dangerous comparatively.  It offers very little control for the rider and also bashes into walls and crunches the drywall.  Not cool.  Absolutely hate it.
It was around nine eleven in the morning while cooking bacon to go with my twin tower stack of pancakes for breakfast in my Boston apartment when I heard a knock at my door. Looking out the window, I saw an unmarked brown van. Promptly, I went to the door where a masked man had a package for me (it was very cold that morning as to why he was bundled up.) signing for the package, I took it inside and went to my utility drawer to grab a box cutter.Simon Baz, a gun-weilding Green Lantern prodigy of the Green Lantern Affiirmative Action Corps (Republican pronoun citation:"Core" Democrat pronoun citation:"Corpse") had arrived!!!It is a great-looking well-sculpted, balanced, articulated figure.With that said, it literally stinks and I cannot pinpoint exactly why other than the right hand having the strongest odor. It might have something to do with the paint or plastic. Maybe, it was handled by someone in the factory who didn't bathe or wash their hands after using the restroom. Whatever the reason, it just smell like dookie.This being a male action figure, although kind of old for my taste, I will let it slide. Had it been a female action figure, I would of just cut off the head and been done with it for offending my action figure god.
some come with ponys some do not.My dd actually ley these sit unopened after the first on Christmas morning .I felt bad.I think boot/feet are weird looking .Stick to ponies please.
I purchased this on a daily deal before Christmas.  I paid about half price for it and still think that was priced too much for what you get.  I did read the reviews but purchased anyway.  Everyone that said the Mike the Knight character has the biggest head ever was right.  It is so big and heavy he won't stand up which totally frustrates my little one.  The character's head is also so big that he hardly fits into any of the rooms in the castle. You really have to manipulate the character to get him in the castle rooms.  Also, there is one button on the back of the castle by the draw bridge that you push and it makes the noises and says phrases.  It's kind of awkward to get to and the volume is really loud.
Such a disappointment!  My daughter and I had high hopes when we opened this.  There's a good sized, attractive mat.  I loved the way it rolled up for easy carrying and storage.  The mat has places to store the markers and the wiper.  We opened the markers and my daughter got down on the floor to get drawing."Mommy, the markers don't work!"Sure enough, the markers are so pale that they are almost invisible.  It's pretty bad when the most visible color is the yellow marker - and even that was barely there.My daughter tried.  She struggled with the markers, pressing harder, trying to get some color out of them.  She successfully used the wiper to remove the little color she created.And then she gave up.Until they fix the markers in this set, I cannot recommend!
Its too light and it tips over. I have to put it against the wall for my baby to sit on it.
Absolutely do not buy this product, at least not until Crayola gets the problems worked out.  It is terrible, and confusing.Terrible because when you go to draw on the mat with the provided markers, they are nearly invisible.  Two of the colors I couldn't even make out what shape I was drawing and the other two had the faintest of traces (like the traces of tears of the children who thought this product was going to be super cool).Confusing because everything about this product seems like it is high quality until you actually try to use it.  Crayola is obviously a reputable brand.  The packaging looks great.  I was surprised and impressed with how high quality the mat is - nice and thick, a pretty green color on the underside, straps so it can be held together when not in use, a cute little product at the top for holding the pieces neatly.  Really, the designers of the map itself deserve a gold star.  It's just the people who either didn't test the markers thoroughly or thought kids would be impressed by wispy outlines . . . unbelievable.What you get does not match up remotely with the bright, visible colors on the box.  Please do not buy this for your kid and then have the disappointment of a fun idea not delivered.
It was fun finding the rocks but then it was over. Loved the idea and we did have those moments of interest. My grandson stored his finds in his secret hideaway.  But the fun went too quickly. I would not purchase this item again.
Dora fans will love this toy because it is cute.  Dora's hair is rooted, but that is the only part of this doll that has any real play value.  The monkey, Boots, is what makes this the cutest, but he is a hanger on.  He doesn't do anything on his own.  He can clasp Dora's hand or attach his skates to the front or back of Dora's skates to pull him along while Dora zooms around the room.There are three settings on Dora, stop, dance, and free play.  In free play, Dora talks and the music plays but she doesn't move. That's where the child can play with Dora by pushing her around on her wheels.On the dance setting, Dora shouts, music plays then she spins around before shooting off across the room.  Boots plays better when he's attached to Dora's skates than when he is holding her hand because the jerky motion of Dora when she takes off sends Boots whipping away and they both stop.  When Dora hits an object she stops moving, but the very, very loud music keeps playing.  If you turn her away from the object she does not take off again until the music stops and you push the button on her shoe to start all over again.I can see this toy being fun for a day, then there's just not much to it.  The fun part is watching them move on their own, so I can't see the free play part getting much action.Dora comes with four AA batteries locked inside one shoe.  You'll need a screwdriver to open the battery case, but the screws are secured to the lid so they won't Fall out and get lost, or swallowed.  She stops when picked up so the batteries won't wear down if left on.This is not a toy you want around on a Saturday morning when you're trying to sleep in.  Or, the afternoon when you're tired of all the noise, or whatever.  Or, any time I can possibly think of because it is LOUD!
When I saw this I was excited.  I love using every day things to teach science and make science fun.  I was looking forward to playing scientist with my granddaughter.Basically this is a collections of odds and ends that might make a junk drawer and a few odd household chemicals.The contents of the box probably weigh less than the box itself.There are other good products out there like4M Kitchen Science Kitor books likeThe Book of Totally Irresponsible Science: 64 Daring Experiments for Young Scientists
OK, I do understand that people are collecting these as display dolls, but I wanted to give this Barbie a chance to play with other Barbie dolls, under my daughter's supervision.This Barbie has a very odd look on her face - my husband was alarmed when we opened the box, saying "it's Paris Hilton!" And now I can't un-see the resemblance!The doll body shape is even skinnier than a normal Barbie, she is not at all poseable, her giant skirt is way to long, and the white plastic snowflakes on the dress overlay seem too fragile for play.All in all, this is definitely a Barbie destined for the sidelines.
Human-horse hybrid dolls are weird and raise a lot of strange questions I'd just rather not think about, but my daughters think they're cool.They may be cool in the eyes if the elementary school set, but they're also extremely breakable. Within days, these dolls were decimated. Not just destroyed, but so absolutely decimated that I couldn't even begin to glue them back together. Heads not just popped off, but cracked off. Arms that couldn't be reattached. Missing shoes that meant the dolls were completely footless.It's not like I ran them over with my car or anything. My daughters played with them in the same fashion they've played with their Barbies and the like. We've had dollar-store dolls that held up better. These are just flat-out poorly made.
I had to return this kit because it came 7 days after when it should have arrived.  By that time our beach trip was over.  I can say that for the money, I expected it to be larger.  The pieces would have been small in my 3 year old's hand.
I was excited to use this kit for doing science experiments at home. However I was disappointed that you needed so many additional materials to do the experiments including foam beads which I definitely do not have around my house. I just wish they had included a few more materials so I did not have to hunt them down.
So the prototype look for Talia's face? Not totally accurate to the game, but eh not too bad. The actual figure's face? Boo. So sorry I ordered this without seeing it in person first. She has a chunky monkey face. Nothing wrong with chunky monkeys except that Talia isn't one! She's an elite assassin! Her cherubic face on the toy does not fit her character or the rest of the toy's body...the articulation is also lacking. we all expect limited DC Direct articulation (and this is par for the course), but I say it is disappointing because in this same series we had the "super articulated batman" and the "I can actually move my legs a little" nightwing. Then, for one of the world's most dangerous assassins? No Legs that only move up and down. And high heels. So, from this prototype pic in the listing- the body is what you're getting. The face is a smushier, fatter face. The articulation is old school dc direct. Oh, and you get a gummy sword. If they had only made a face a tiny bit better I'd accept it. This is the first Talia al-Ghul figure that I know of...but ugh...I don't think I can keep mine...
My daughter has the large Frozen castle and we're very pleased with it, but thought this might be nice as it's small enough to be easily portable.  She could take it to her Grandma's house or to her cousin's house when she goes to play.It's a pretty little castle and it lights up beautifully, but unfortunately, this is extremely flimsy.  Assembly wasn't too bad - except that things don't want to stay assembled!  No matter what we do, most of the pieces that are supposed to stay attached are determined to be unattached!  And this is just during normal play - nothing rough at all.Unfortunately, this just isn't a high quality item.  My daughter has grown frustrated with it.  It now sits in a corner all forlorn.I go back and forth between one and two stars for this, finally settling on two.  It is pretty and the lights are a nice addition - but the quality has made this one a bit disappointing for my daughter.
I love glitter and we use lots of it at my house. But this did not meet this glitter afficianado's expectations.  This was funnish for about 3 minutes. You color and the paper turns glittery. There isn't anything else to do so after the initial &#34;wow, it's sparkly&#34; this is really just a coloring page. The thing that makes it disappointing is that the glitter fades. I have no idea how glitter stops glittering. That's it's whole function after all. But the glitter effect does go away, leaving a kind of expensive coloring book page.
Used this once and threw it out. The decorations wouldn't stay on and the cake tasted like cardboard and had a really weirded rubber texture.
UNO is a fun game.  My family has played UNO tons of times.  UNO = fun.  UNO Blast = UNO - fun.I unwrapped said toy from the box.  My wife said, "I like UNO, let's play".  So we loaded the blaster up with the required 3 AA batteries and proceeded to play.  Until the BLAST went off.  At which my wife said to me, "it's evil, kill it!".  I reached for the blaster and realized that the creators of UNO Blast did not include a volume switch.  This would have been handy as the only blasting that I did was the soiling of my pants every time the ear-splitting shriek went off.On a positive note, the game included UNO.  We'll be keeping the cards handy.  Not so for the blaster.
We bought this when it went on sale via Amazon b/c we needed extra dice for some of our boardgames. The description states that the dice are distributed in favor of D6's, D10's and D20's. Not in our set. We have tons of D8's and D20's, but hardly any D6's. Out of over 90 dice, there are only 11 D6's. No thanks.
One of the worst transformers ever. This Transformers not only has hollow parts but also a cheap plastic, it is not a casualty that the price of this figure and Blaster has decreased too much.
My son is a bit too young to play with the Matchbox Mission: Croc Escape Playset so I took the opportunity to try this toy out with my 9yr old nephew recently and gauge his reaction and fun with the toy. The playset is designed for children 3-10.The very first thing you have to know is that adult assembly is required. Though my nephew was able to help me out it still took a solid 10-15 minutes to get the set assembled. My first impression wasn't great - the track is rather large and cumbersome and seemingly not very well made. The highlight is definitely the die-cast off-road truck that comes with the set. But this set only includes one vehicle. The other major detraction is that the toy doesn't break down easily for storage. My son's closet includes several large deep drawers that we use to store toys. This playset is entirely too large for those and has to be stored in his room on the floor.For its size the set has limited fun potential. There is a car elevator to ascend a set of jungle stairs, the ramp with a few obstacles/traps and then the crocodile jaws which can clamp shut and trap the die-cast truck. That's it. For the price of the set I understand that there are limitations but by itself this toy is extremely limited in its entertainment value. There are additional tracks and cars that can be purchased and build on each other but at added expense.For my nephew this was an interesting diversion for about 10 minutes before he wanted to do something else. My advice is to pass on this toy unless you're looking to build out a large set with multiple vehicles.
I was so excited to get my Arkham Origins figure, I opened it in the car on the way home.I loved the sculpt and the paint job.  He looks like he does in the game and the attention to detail is outstanding.The first sign of disappointment was the strange molding on the side of his handgun.Why didn't they just give him a holster?Next, I tried to pose him.  While the figure has many points of articulation, those points don't articulate very well.  His legs can't even move up for a kick, though he can almost do the splits for some reason, and his arms don't really bend all the way.He also can't hold his machine gun or his staff very well they kind of hang loosely from his hands and they fall out of them all the time for no apparent reason.I saved my biggest complaint for last.His feet.His feet are impossible to position with the bottoms flat.  He is able to be positioned to stand, but he will eventually fall down.  No matter how much you reposition the feet.This Batman Unlimited figure costs almost as much as the DC Direct version is going to.  Why not.wait until it is released, spend a couple of bucks more, and get a vastly higher quality figure?
If you and your child have never used a standard tabled such as an iPad, Kindle Fire, or Google Nexus this product might be alright. But if you've used a real tablet you probably won't like this. It's slow, glitchy, and has bad graphics. And seeing as you can get tablets for not much more I don't see the point in buying this. Also, apps for this are expensive. Most of them run $15. I was hoping my three year old might like this LeapPad and let me have my iPad back. But when she plays on the LeapPad it is so slow she gets frustrated and asks for my iPad anyway.
The description says 16 &#34;my little pony tattoos&#34;. So naturally I thought there'd be 16 pony tattoos. However, they count the tiny little hearts etc. as part of that 16 count. What there actually is here is 8 my little pony tattoos. My daughter liked them, so in my book the little tattoos themselves are worth it, but I did feel like I got shorted on this deal.
The Good:This toy looks great.Stays great with the angry birds theme.Gave my 5 year old some concepts of hands on physics as they relate to the video game.The Not So Good:However, after his first 45 or so minutes, he hasn't gone back. I'm not surprised. It falls apart a bit too easily, making it kind of tedious to rebuild. In addition,  the slingshot doesn't really work well. If the slingshot worked well, I don't think the tedium of rebuilding would be a problem.  But as it is, I don't think this toy is worth the money.
For my sixteenth birthday my parents threw me a birthday party at the laundry mat that my mom operated. It was a family run business from my mon's side that extended several generations back from the time they came to America from Asia. We used the laundry mat to host many events due to the spacious area and ample tables provided to seperate and fold their clothes on.Knowing that I was a fan of the Batman cartoons, movies and comic books, it seemed an obvious theme for a birthday party. Val Kilmer being my favorite Batman ever (curse you Bale!!)As the story goes, my dad, being a fit 5'4" Japanese man raised in Hawaii, wanted to rent a Val Kilmer costume from the movie "Batman Forever" at the party store, but they did not have one in his size. Even if he did not wear the boots and some black sandals, the suit was just too big. Most likely, it was intended for one of those disgustingly over-weight comic con attendees trying to be cool.What did end up becoming available that fit my father was the Adam West Batman costume. In light of being nostalgic, that seems to be the one Batman that makes everyone smile. My father knew that would definitely be one of the highlights of the birthday party.Through the course of events as birthday parties go, while my mother was bringing out the candle-lit soy birthday cake the intent was that my father, dressed as Batman, would jump out of a stand up coin-operated dryer and "suprise" me and everyone else.Sadly, as simple as it was to be, it did not play out that way.The dryer that he and my mom planned sneaking into before the cake was brought out was in use and so he had to use another one. Mother, stepped away to check on the cake in the microwave and missed the dryer he had climber into. When the birthday song began, mother slowly brought out the cake and I was anticipating my "suprise" at any moment.That "moment" never happened, so we sang the second verse to the birthday song.Still, nothing happened.What did happen was while the singing was going on, there was a heavyset hispanic woman wearing a headphone radio set  to "tune out" what might of been her four screaming kids and two barking dogs running about. As she put the coins in the wrong loaded dryer and started it up, she was completely oblivious to the dire situation about to unfold. The  doors automatically locked and remain so until the dryer has completed it's entire cycle. It was a government regulated safety feature.No one heard my father screaming. It was too late by the time we found him and waited for the dryer to stop.We had a service at the same laundry mat and burried him in the dryer at a nearby cemetary.To this day, I still believe that the rubberized to appear armored costume that the wise Val Kilmer wore would of protected him. If anything, the heat from the dryer would of impervious due to it's fire resistant materials.This is a great-looking figure from the pictures that I have seen, but it also brings back memories of my father that brings me a sense of solemn reverence.Hence, the one-star rating.Respect.
I previously wrote a review criticizing the game for being violent and anti-life, but after reading the criticisms and explanations I got, I took it off.  I then went back and looked at the age limit for the game.  It says &#34;everyone 10+&#34;.  My 5-year-old and 8-year-old grandsons have been playing it, and the 5-year-old can't get enough of it.  I'm wondering why he plays the survival part, other than that he has a tremendous will to win/live and won't give up.  He can't figure out how to survive, and I think the reason is that this is an adult game.  He has always played games older than his age because he could figure them out and master them, but not this one.  This game calls for adult sophistication and adult decision making.  I think 10 is too low an age to start playing this game, at least the survival part, and there are probably some 18-year-olds who can't figure it out.Also, I notice that whenever the background music comes on I instantly relax, and I'm not even playing.  I would say that it probably puts everyone in hearing distance into alpha mode.  I would think it would be better to be fully alert to be a good player, so why use a mode that puts players into a light trance?  Could there be subliminals behind the music?  What's the reason?  Why am I the only one questioning it?  And why haven't the creators of the game, if they are proud of their work, talked about this game in public, how it was created and what it's supposed to do?  And especially what the music is supposed to do!To me, it would be better if the creative part of this game could be a separate game for children with the survival part omitted.  When children play the survival part, it makes the world look like a dangerous place where survival is all but impossible because they don't know how to make the decisions they need to make in order to survive.  They are just too young.  I don't think being 10 years old is going to make any difference; it's still too young an age to play the survival part of this game.  In my opinion, it's way out of the league of children under 13 and maybe even 16 or older.
The Angry Birds games for your phone and computer are fun and you'd think that it would be fun to play them "in real life" but unfortunately, they aren't.  Online, the games reset themselves and you just keep playing.  In this version you have to keep cleaning it up and resetting everything.  Plus, for younger kids, shooting the birds is NOT that easy.  Overshooting or undershooting is more the case than actually hitting the target.  Sorry Angry Birds...stick to your online games.
**First of all, it is imperative if you are considering buying this to understand something I failed to grasp when I made the decision to buy it: It is not a real train.  First of all, the locomotive of a real train typically weighs something on the order of a hundred tons and runs easily to 60 feet in length, so I guess I should have figured out right after the box arrived that it couldn't possibly contain a real train, which would also include at least one car behind the engine because otherwise it wouldn't be a train, right?Also, a real train would cost way, way more than $26.49, right?I now realize, of course, that this is a TOY train.  It's meant for little kids to play with.  So, if you thought this was a real train, stop reading now and do not buy Thomas the Train: Take-n-Play Spills and Thrills.  Besides, little kids are not allowed to drive real trains, just as they are not allowed to drive real jetliners or perform brain surgery or operate North Korea.**Given that it is, I remind you, a toy train, it must be reviewed on that basis.  If I were a little kid I would find the product disappointing.  First, I'd be unhappy that my adult had to assemble it, because if I were capable of assembling it myself I'd be too old to enjoy it.  Second, I'd be disappointed that my adult would have to stand it against a wall or something to get it to stay straight.  And I'd be disappointed that the &#34;Take-n-Play&#34; aspect of the name of the product is misleading at best in the sense that neither you nor your adult can just grab the handle provided and throw it in the adult's car and drive it to a pal's house and grab it again and take it inside to show it off to that pal.Also, if I were a little kid young enough to enjoy how gravity makes the engine roll down the curvy track (which it doesn't do successfully half the time), I'd miss the little tricks that take place, and if I were old enough to appreciate them I'd be bored after about ten runs.  At $2.649 cents per run, I'd prefer that my adult had invested that money in my college fund.Too much adult investment in time and money for not enough entertainment.Also, in case you're wondering, this product doesn't work well underwater or in a zero-gravity environment such as the ISS.**
Simply: it broke after a couple uses, and yes it was used properly.  A disappointment.  Won't buy again.  I don't recommend it.
Not what I expected.  The rainbow loom kit I  received looked aged.  It was purchased as a Christmas gift, but I was a little embarrassed to give it.  The outside of the box was warn, bent and aged.  The loom itself looked discolored from age.
I bought this for $10, and even at that price, it doesn't measure up to more interactive playsets. My 2 year old got frustrated that he couldn't get the horse positioned right to come down. The pink girls version looks so much better. This hasn't held his attention, and I would be pretty mad if I had paid full price.
Your iPhone goes in here and you can bring up baby apps to let your kid play. Really, a case to protect the phone while your kid goes nuts. My youngest son loves our iPhone, so we thought this would be great. He wanted nothing to do with it. The phone fit pretty loose inside, and the clear protective screen is flimsey.  He had it broken in seconds. You can't answer the phone when the recommended apps are being used. Great idea, no follow-through on design.
We never did get it to work quite right.  The track is so flimsy it falls apart constantly and sometimes the cars get stuck
Like many of the other reviewers stated, this toy only has one spinner included.  It is impossible therefore to have a "showdown" unless you purchase additional spinners right away.  Strange that they called this the "Spinshotz Hyperspeed Showdown Playset" when they only include one spinner.The one plus that cannot be disputed is that this toy does not need batteries.Aside from that, it breaks easily, was a bit tricky to assemble, could only be used by one child right out of the box, and frankly, my kids enjoy their basic race tracks much more than this toy.It's an okay alternative to other racing playsets but is certainly not a "must have."  I suspect most kids will retire this toy rather quickly.
Very disappointed with this bracelet maker. Between 2 adults and 2 kids, could not figure out how to make the bracelets. Would not recomend this to anyone.
When my daughter brings my grandson over for a short visit or if we are out at a restaurant she sometimes gives him her iPhone to entertain himself with. I thought this reader would be a good idea since I cringe when such a young one is handling this type of equipment. I assumed this would be nice to slip the phone into and give him something different to play with and also protect the phone.First it doesn't just slip in and out because of the protective cover that is over the phone. The padding seems to be an irritation in him working the apps. It seems more trouble than it is worth and quite frankly I prefer the old fashioned entertainment and interaction of giving him a book to look at and read.
I think my ARH RDC AtmoSphere is probably the only Vine choice that has me flummoxed. I ordered it on a whim and I couldn't be more sorry. For one thing, this thing takes six--SIX, mind you--AA batteries that aren't included. I don't know where other Voices live but in NYC, batteries don't come cheap. The non-inclusion of batteries is guaranteed to set my teeth on edge so I was unkindly predisposed towards the ARH RDC AtmoSphere right out of the box.After begrudgingly investing in batteries, I proceeded to try to make heads or tails of this oh so clever toy. Why I was required to use a Philips head screwdriver in order to install the aforementioned batteries is beyond my understanding of what should be involved adding power to a toy. I then proceeded with the instructions on how to charge and use the ARH RDC AtmoSphere. I soon discovered that the lion's share of the enclosed hard-copy data consisted of disclaimers and troubleshooting suggestions. Okay...After getting it charged, I attempted to launch the ARH RDC AtmoSphere (its quality, incidentally, reminds me of the mail-in toys that Downyflake Waffles used to offer kids in the early '60s). This turned out to be neither fun nor engaging, especially considering that controlling it in a satisfactory manner isn't worth the effort involved. I'd have thought my cats would enjoy the show but they turned up their noses.Bottom line, look elsewhere.
Santa brought this for my son.  Didn't work at all.  The controller looks like someone dropped it a few times.  Definitely going to return.  Very disappointed.
Ah come on, where's the guys? Who's he going to fight?That is what the five and six year old's said when they opened the box. A family friend just won a welter weight fight in Atlantic City this week-end. There aunt is an MMA kick boxer and grandma does kung fu. They were so excited to see the cover of this box with plenty of action going on. All different guys doing all different things. Inside the box is one lonely Rey Mysterio figure. His arms go up and down and his waist turns, that's it. After the initial discussion as to which kid would go first, they had some fun for a while, but with no guys to fight in the ring, the game was a bit of a disappointment.
it just doesn't push smoothly ... at all. i've tried it on hardwood floor, and different types of carpet. regardless, i have to try hard to operate it in a way that gets it to move and also picks up the little objects. so my poor son (18 mos) can't do it at all, but even at 3 he'd have a hard time. such a disappointment b/c it's really cute. i can't believe they actually make and sell this as-is. it's really user UN-friendly.
After playing with this with my son for about 20 minutes, it just stopped working. I tried to charge it with the supplied cord and it still doesn't work. I am now attempting to charge it from the remote control (it has two charging options). While it worked, it was fun. We did crash many times, so perhaps it is cheaply made and got broken. My son is only 6, so I refuse to spend a lot of money on a nice one until he can control it better. I already threw the packaging away, or I would return it. I'll post an update if it starts working by being charged through the controller instead of by usb.
This is a mix of every different color band there is, which would be great, but there isn't enough of any one color to make a complete bracelet.  There were only 2 small bags of s clips, no c clips and definitely not 1800 bands.  It was a bag of maybe 600-800. Not worth it at all!Edited to add: Amazon did issue me a refund for the purchase price, but I would have rather saved my time and energy by just buying the bands in person at our local craft store.
After two weeks the battery would not hold a charge. Get all your fun with this in two weeks then forget about it.
Yeah so I bought a bunch of these for Christmas gifts (they were around six bucks at the time) and all of them broke.  I won't be buying this brand again.
Watching the video promo for the RDC AtmoSphere looked really cool. I thought it would be great fun for my family to play with - and because of the casing around the blades that it would be safe.Nope. Catching it in your hand means your hands get stung. As an adult, not a big deal. As a kid, it's pretty painful.In addition, the toy must be charged in order to work, which is fine, except for the race that the charger is battery operated (doesn't plug into the wall) and it takes about an hour to power the AtmoSphere. The charge to the toy is relatively weak and I'd say we got somewhere between 10-15 minutes of play.When it's working and hovering over things, it is a pretty cool thing to watch, so it gets two stars for that. It also seemed pretty sturdy when it's accidentally fallen on the ground - it took 3 or 4 large hits and remained intact. However, with the potential for pain, the limited charge/play capacity, I can't rate it any higher.
This is our second SYMA Helicopter and neither one of them would charge after a few days.  And the charges just comes out when you are trying to charge it.  It's rather annoying..I will not buy a SYMA again.
This toy was obviously not tested by any kids who love Micro Drifters or any adults with any sense.  Tracks like this should be simple enough that a 5 year old can choose the configuration, set it up, and enjoy it right away.  This track, no matter the configuration is a disappointment to all.  With brand new Micro Drifter cars, at best the track delivers slow moving cars, and usually it only results in the cars hung up in the blue curves.  There is no racing excitement at all.  It's very poorly designed.  It needs more vertical angle to work, yet the supports aren't sturdy enough to hold it up to begin with, so propping it with books or other objects to give it the necessary altitude results in a flimsy set-up that flips and leans and still doesn't provide enough racing speed to make it interesting.  Plus the curves still collect the cars, rather than propelling them to the finish line.  This track is already packed up on its way back to the store for a refund.  What a disappointment on Christmas morning!
The title and image are misleading and are likely intended to mislead parents into believing they are purchasing some sort of V-Reader, only scaled down for baby level comprehension and interaction.Nope.  It's an ipod case.It's not a bad idea, providing a tool that allows your child to make use of your ipod in a safe and engaging way, but that's not at all how it's being marketed, and I find that shameful.
I'm in total shock...... Reading from all the reviews before I bought this but tot maybe everyone wanted a bigger unicorn and so all of them are disappointed. But when I got mine..... It's so tiny I'm gonna die!!! Make it easy for everyone to understand how small this really is.... It's the size of a Sony Xperia Z!!! And the tail is in a messy lump ball..... No matter how to try to make it look like a tail, it's still a shape of a ball..... U know like those little ball u tie on ur little girl's head? It looks like that except its in a mess..... Wait till the price drop below $1.50 before u buy it. Anything more than that is not worth it!!! Hope this will help everyone who wanna purchase this.....
I should have listened to the reviews!While cute and appealing to youngsters, this toy is really a waste of money.The Mickey character will not stay seated and falls off the bike almost immediately.I bought two so my grandchildren could enjoy them together, but they were frustrated very quickly.I would have returned them both, but the boys loved the Mickey character so we kept them.Very disappointed in the quality.I have been a big fan of Fisher Price ever since my own children were little, but this item isn't satisfactory.
I have to say I'm baffled that other people like this product! The pieces are tricky and have to be assembled "just so" (like quite a few other car- and train-track toys), but even once we got that sorted out, the spinner would frequently just fall of the launcher-thing it attaches to, or spin weakly. My son (age 5) finally just started spinning it by hand because that worked better. He was happy with the end result, but I wasn't. Given all the positive reviews, I have to assume my product (the launcher piece) was simply defective. So I'd recommend buying this somewhere (like Amazon) that will let you return it if yours doesn't work either.
This was the &#34;must have&#34; item on my 9 year olds Christmas list. I practically had to stalk the amazon product page for it to be in stock and not at an inflated price as every store in my area was long sold out. She was so excited to open it. I got her younger brothers small nerf guns so they could all play together. Imagine my disappointment when the second day she used it, she pulled the string back and the string that holds the handle snapped. Done, it's broke. No way to fix it. I waited for amazon to have the product in stock again so I could exchange the item and when they finally did, it was a few days out of my time frame to return the item. So, big fat flop and a disappointed little girl. In theory, this would be great for kids but it's just flawed in the design and cheaply made.
Minecraft.... give them all your money, so you can make your own game.This has got to be the legendary success in the video game industry.What the creators did was create a software where you can stack blocks. Well well, if it isn't Lego on your TV.The graphics are simplistic that even an 8bit machine can handle it. Action and gameplay controls can't be any more rudimentary. Didn't even bother putting proper faces on the people.Next, they make you pay for it. Then they slap it on the Xbox360, so you can give them money again.When their domination is complete, you might even call it Mein Kampf.If you are still playing this, you probably have a mind of a simpleton. Even iOS games took more effort to make.1 star for the worst game in history, 5 stars for profit.
2 kids, 2 cars, only one works&#8230;.you can imagine how that goes over on Christmas morning.  Then I come online to process the return, the option for replacement is grayed out.  I process the return and pull up the listing and now the price is TRIPLE  (no exaggeration) what I paid for the first one two weeks earlier.  So zero stars for the car that never worked, (since we had two we were able to figure out it was the hand controller that had the problem), and zero stars for who ever tripled the price and not offering a replacement.  They get 1 star for the car that actually did work.  Don't make Santa angry on Christmas morning and you will get more stars.
We have a rainbow loom purchased directly from the company and it's wonderful, my daughter loves it.  Although toy wiz promptly shipped us this product we were disappointed to find that this loom is cheap, lighter plastic, did not look anything like the original, and was missing parts.
My 3-year-old graddaughter loves her Barbies. If this toy were a basic Barbie with a couple of fashion accessories at a reasonable price, I'd have rated it much higher.Unfortunately, it's touted as a "Fashion Design" doll, meaning that you also have the opportunity to "create" your own fashions, in this case a couple of dresses.Even THAT would have been great, as my munchkin loves to "design" those kinds of things for her dolls. Disney has a very fun line of this kind of thing for the Princess dolls and figurines.But that's where this toy doesn't meet the mark. First, it only includes two dress "blanks". That's a VERY limited repertoire. The included pens for drawing designs on the blanks work, but the cloth of the dresses is pretty thin and flimsy, so it moves around a lot when she tries to color the dress.The pattern-maker element is also poorly designed. You're supposed to be able to transfer a "chalk" design onto the dress material by, essentially, doing a rubbing with an enclosed tool that looks like an ice scraper. It doesn't work worth a hill of beans. Even with me, at 6'2" and 200 pounds, putting my full force behind the scraper, the design was only dimly and vaguely -- and certainly unevenly -- transferred onto the dress. When my munchkin tried it, the results were almost completely undiscernable.Then, once she was done "creating" her dress, it was time to put it on the doll. I gotta tell you, I have absolutely no idea how any kid is going to be able to do that. The dresses are EXTREMELY tight, and took a LOT of manipulation of the doll on my part to get them on or off. You have to put Barbie's arms upright (like she's diving into a pool) and angle her arms toward each other, all while maneuvering her head to try to get everything through the dress, the arms in the arm holes, wriggling everything the whole time while trying to work the dress over the figurine. I thought I'd need an extra hand or two to make it happen. Getting it off was just as hard.Not ready for prime time.
We are homeschoolers, and we were all really excited about the idea behind this. The directions are relatively easy to follow, though be aware that any kid under about 9 or 10 is going to need a lot of adult help and supervision to complete the projects. We did have some fun with it, but nothing fantastic. The instructional value is honestly pretty mediocre to minimal. For the list price, you could probably find better chemistry or other science kits. Or just watch an episode of Alton Brown with your kid, and then go make a recipe together.
The tattoos did not last a day.  They rubbed off and she did not have a bath.  Not worth the purchase.
I was sorely disappointed in this product.  The preloaded apps aren't terribly fun for kids.  Why do they need a voice memo app?  And the camera isn't very fun either.  The two apps we played were the MyPets app, but it has limited functionality, and the Art Studio app which is fun to draw and color.  The touch screen seemed to have issues as I had to press over and over again several times.  I went to the app store to buy more apps and found the prices to be $10-25.  And a lot of them were just episodes of TV shows.  I am returning this and buying a Kindle Fire for my daughter.  She can get tons of free apps and it has parental locks.  Plus, with Prime I can get tons of TV shows for free.
I was excited to order this set for my toddler. However, the pieces are really hard to push into the holes...like I have to push hard.  There's no way my son can push them in all the way, which has led to a bit of frustration.  Also, there isn't much variety in the pieces.  Most of the pieces are sets of eyes, so you can't make a ton of different faces.  Disappointed with this purchase.
Perhaps it's because I am an adult and not a child, but I found that assembling this item to be a particularly frustrating experience. When I saw that it used lego-style blocks, I assumed that construction would be reasonably sturdy; I say reasonably because I knew the entire point of this toy is to ultimately knock it over. However, in performing the assembly, I felt that the blocks didn't really fit together all that well. The pieces, as assembled, were so precariously attached that it took several attempts to get major section in place and then to hold together. Complicating matters, the work area had to be kept perfectly still, lest the assembly be disturbed and fall over, causing you to have to return to re-setting the major pieces into place. To top it all off, there were several pieces missing, such to the point that while I was finally able to finish the assembly, I had to improvise at the end to get a desirable look. I didn't have the heart to actually play with the toy, since that would have functionally required disassembling it! Currently, it is sitting, fully assembled, on a shelf where it cannot be disturbed. I have considered permanently gluing the thing together, but then that defeats the purpose. While it was certainly a good looking set, the time of initial assembly, coupled with the precariousness of the set-up (to the point that it might fall over on it's own before you start playing with it), lead me to believe that there are better, more entertaining Angry Birds spin-off products out there. I certainly will not be purchasing other k'nex versions of Angry Birds toys.
It's very simple to review products like this one,  it simply doesn't work.  The car is in a ball and comes from a launcher.  The idea is that it opens up once it leaves the tube.  The ONLY way it works is if the orientation of the top of the car (with a button on it) happens to land in just the right position in the launcher.  Since the ball/car is rolled into the launcher, the chances are very slim.  Which means that you need to rotate the car once it goes into the launcher.  Even then, the car really doesn't go screaming out with any speed at all.  It's flat out, just a bad idea.Also, if you're worried that you don't have batteries, they are only so a red light can designate a target (simply an LED flashlight) that the car will never make it to.
My 2 daughters (ages 5 and 8) and I just finished making the cake pops with this supposed &#34;maker&#34;.&#34;  I had to write a review immediately afterwards because of the hot mess this product turned me into.  I would love to ask the manufacturer if they even tested this product before rushing it to the consumers and providing such a grossly misleading concept to our children.  First off, the cake mix doesn't even properly dispense into to the small hole/opening you are given and we made both cake mixes which only yielded 7 cake pops, not 8 - like you are told in the directions.  You need to push your pinky finger into the mold to make sure the batter fills it enough to form a ball.  Second, the sticks you push into the batter which become the holders, come right out as soon as you dip your cake pop into the icing - even after setting in the fridge for 20 minutes (longer than the directions stated). You get two icing choices (vanilla and chocolate) which is nice, however, the vanilla was too runny and the chocolate was too thick and I made sure I prepared them exactly the same, per the instructions.  Once you have dipped the cake balls into the icing, there is a holder to place them in.  The vanilla icing dripped all over the cake pop maker itself and caused a huge mess.  The cake pops looked nothing like the beautiful ones on the box, but the three of us proceeded with the decorating process anyway.  Three different sprinkle choices are provided...rainbow, pink, and blue.  There are two separate trays to pour the sprinkles into, as well as two individual stencil trays that have two stencils on each.  The stencils are a complete joke.  The image does not transfer onto the cake pop like it shows on the box, especially when you have a dripping cake pop.  Finally, the taste.  Both my girls did eat one cake pop each, but the rest were thrown out.  The taste reminds me of what play-doh smells like.  Gross and very fake.  Blech.  The final words my 8 year old daughter used when I asked her how she thought this whole debacle went...&#34;Well that was a disaster!&#34;  I think she summed it up nicely.  Needless to say, I won't be buying any refills and this cake pop maker will be thrown away in the trash with the unbeaten cake pops.
I picked this up for a 3yo art and princess enthusiast who was pretty disappointed by using it.  The glitter section is like dried glue with glitter in it, so she couldn't really color there, and there are only a handful of colors in the whole set.  Combine that with a steep price of nearly a dollar a page for this 12-page coloring packet and I just can't recommend purchasing it.Instead, try aregular coloring bookwithCrayola 16 Count Metallic FX Crayons, or for older kids theSargent Metallic Markersare great.  Either way you'd get more satisfaction and less frustration for half the price.
This is such a  cheap, overpriced,  and thoughtlessly made product, whomever signs off on licensing for this wonderful movie should be fired.Its small, cheap piece of plastic, and the design and operation of the features such as the staircase, elevator, and rotating throne would be laughable, but its probably not funny if you are the kid who got it as a gift.My 4 year old adores Frozen, but maybe played with this for 5 minutes.She did, however, adopt the Olaf character, which is about the size of a grape. You might be better off just buying a well-made quality Olaf for this price.
Another major mark up. This doll retails at the Disney store for 19.95.  They are getting more in stock.  Just wait! It is not worth it to pay close to $100 dollars for a stuffed toy.  It breaks my heart becase my daughter desperately wants it, but I can't pay 5 times retail for something that will eventually be in abundance.  Wait, call your local store daily before they open.  Buy this directly from Disney at retail!
The kids excitedly opened this when it arrived and their enthusiasm was quickly deflated.  this is extremely overpriced!.  Cheap paper items abound in this kit.  The so-called dough is miniscule.  The magnifying glass is miniature.  Contents do NOT live up to what is on  the box or how the product is described online.  If you google forensics for kids you will find many better activities that you can do--most of which can be done with regular household items.  Save your hard-earned money.  This was very disappointing.
To start with, let me say we are a family that owns three Tag Readers, two Tag Juniors, one each of Leapster, Leapster 2 and Leapster Explorer, and at one point we also bought a LeapPad but hated it so much that we returned it after one day.I received this new LeapReader, which is an update to the Tag Reader, for review. In the package I also received two LeapReader books,LeapFrog LeapReader Book: Leap and the Lost Dinosaur (works with Tag)andLeapFrog LeapReader Book: Learn to Write Numbers with Mr. Pencil.A quick overview: the LeapReader adds new functionalities to the Tag Reader, including stand-alone audiobooks and music player. It also comes with a built-in rechargeable battery as opposed to alkalines in the Tag Reader.  In case you have never seen a Tag Reader before, the LeapReader uses an optical recognition system that picks up information on specially printed paper (basically paper with tiny little dotted patterns that tell the LeapReader which book, which page and which "hot spot" the tip is scanning, and the on-board little computer can then play the respective content.)The out-of-package experience has been overwhelmingly negative. The reviewer's sheet claims that the two included books in the review kit had been pre-installed. Not true. To my unpleasant surprise, only the dinosaur book was playable out of the box. The Mr. Pencil book was not installed, and, worse, the sample book that's included in every retail package was also not installed!Anyone who's ever used a Leapfrog "smart" educational toy before knows how bad their Leapfrog Connect program is. This is the program that you MUST install on a PC in order to download audio content to the LeapReader (much as with the older Tag and Tag Junior). When I read on the packaging that I must use the Leapfrog Connect program again, my heart skipped a beat and my blood pressure went up.  I really hated that program.  (Don't ask me why we kept buying Leapfrog products...)I'm happy to report that the updated Leapfrog Connect program is as buggy as ever.  First of all, like any half-smart computer user, I use a Standard User account 100% of the time (so to shield my system from potential viral attacks).  If you have an older version of LeapFrog Connect installed on your computer,  you must log into the Administrator account in order to update it!  Seriously, Leapfrog.  Any decent Windows program would update under the User Account Control, without the user's having to log into the Admin account separately.  So now I had to log into my Admin account, which I had never had to do once since getting this Lenovo laptop over a year ago.  That was annoying.  Responding to the UAC with your admin password is a 5-second process; logging into the Admin account takes more time because now all your account settings and start-up apps must load.  Just plain annoying.Okay, so I did that.  The Connect program updated itself without much of a problem, although the updater interface is ridiculously crude: it just says "wait until download is complete, then click OK". No progress bar, no estimated time remaining.  It's 2013 and Leapfrog's software guys write crap like this???Then I connected the new LeapReader to the updated Leapfrog Connect program via USB -- funny that my reviewer's sheet warns against the reviewr connecting the LeapReader to the computer at all, or the "included" contents would be erased.  Whoever works in Leapfrog marketing should...  Ok, whatever.Indeed, connecting my shiny new LeapReader to Leapfrog Connect deleted the dinosaur book's audio content. Once I logged into my Leapfrog account, I was given a couple of free audio samples, including, finally, the sample file for the included sample book.  Scratching my head in disbelief... Who the heck came up with this great product??According to Leapfrog Connect, the LeapReader has a meager 201 MB of memory.  The sample book's audio file is 9MB. The dinosaur book's audio file (which I later downloaded) is 8MB.  The Mr. Pencil book is 11MB.  Let's say the average book's audio file is 10MB in size. That comes to up to 20 books you can store on the LeapReader.  Its 2013 and LeapFrog's hardware guys make crap like this???  That's at most 20 books without any other content!Actually I got ahead of myself a little.  When I was trying to download the dinosaur and Mr. Pencil books' contents, I ran into problems with the lovely Leapfrog Connect program.  Just as it happened before, this updated version (albeit looking better than before) kept trying to download or sync, or both, the audio file(s) to the LeapReader.  I was disconcerted by the countless disconnect/connect happenings that were taking place between the LeapReader and the Leapfrog Connect program.  I thought the infamous bug, whereby Leapfrog Connect was never able to download any content to your expensive toy, was going to bite again.  Out of experience, I decided to leave the syncing alone and went to get lunch for my kids.  When I came back, the books synced.  Later, I synced the U.S. map audio file and that appears to have synced fine.  (I haven't been able to check the map audio since my kids appear to have misplaced the Tag map!)Now, if you have a Tag, you may be wondering whether the LeapReader is compatible with Tag books.  Judging from the "Companion Audio" download screen, it seems that only some Tag books are compatible with the LeapReader. For example, ourLeapfrog Tag Activity Storybook Kung Fu Panda: Po's Tasty Trainingis NOT on the list, therefore we'll not be able to re-enjoy that small book with the LeapReader.  Only a few Tag books like I Spy Imagine That! and Spy Wars the Clone Wars are on the downloadable companion audio list.  This sucks, period.  We have a dozen Tag books that we bought.  I thought at least my baby is now old enough to read them, but with the three Tag Readers misplaced (with one probably conveniently "borrowed" without permission by one of the neighborhood boys who's known to take to, at the ripe age of 8, borrowing other people's toys without asking and displaying them in his bedroom), we now cannot rely on LeapReader to read these books. Just sucks, like I said.In summary, I'm once again disappointed by a LeapFrog product.  All they have to do is invest a few dollars and get a working syncing program before releasing these hardware products.  Better yet, they should make these things wireless capable, so that all us parents have to do is download content on the fly, without having to find the PC to connect to.  Seriously, there're so many ways to improve this product.  Sadly, the same was said by me and others 3 or 4 years ago when we first bought into Leapfrog's "non-smart" educational toys.
These don't fit full size Barbies; only the mini dolls of several brands!Don't buy these if you want them for the regular Barbie dolls!
When it comes to building block playsets, you can't help but compare everyone to Lego. They own the space, and with good reason. Simply put, they are the bar that everyone will be measured against. That's not to say that you can't put out a quality set if you're not Lego. So with that in mind, my son and I set out to tackle the Kreo Haunted Hideaway. Right off the bat, I couldn't help but think of theLEGO Monster Fighters Vampyre Castle 9468. That set is usually well over a hundred dollars. This is one is significantly less. And you can immediately see why.The mini figs are terrible. Forget Lego. Kreo has done much better minifigs. For example just look at the figures in theHasbro KRE O Battleship Combat Chopper Playsetset. Its clear that they can make a decent minifig. The characters included in this particular set are based around a one block wide model. Seriously reduced articulation and not much fun to play with. But maybe thats because of the sonic motion gimmick. When you attach these figs to special blocks they are supposed to vibrate their way around the playset, crossing bridges and battling one another. Thats fun, right ? More often than not, our figs fell over or toppled off of the platforms they were walking on. Not so much fun.I talked with my son who has put together his fair share of building block kits. He said the best feature of this Kreo was a small rocket launcher on a car. Not the sonic motion. Not the pop up skeleton crypt. And certainly not the minifigs. Its an inexpensive set, sure. But the play value that you'd find in a kit likeLEGO Movie 70801 Melting Room, or evenMega Bloks Halo UNSC Seige Bikejust isn't there. Sorry, Kreo. Hope your next outing is more fun.
The car consistently falls off the tracks, and all the pieces are loosely snapped together.  As my 7yo pointed out, the teensiest breath causes the entire setup to fall apart. Unfortunately my 4yo was not as understanding and cried.
I was considering one of these and found it odd that all of the positive reviews are from non-verified buyers.  You have to dig into the oldest reviews to find real buyers and see 3/4 gave it a negative review.I will not be purchasing this unit.
The idea is good and the little booklet is probably the best part of the whole toy - except for some rather weird phrasing in places that seems to indicate a translation from some other language.  The materials supplied are rather flimsy and skimpy and some work and some don't.The very first experiment was a flop and did not expand as it should have.  The second worked fairly well but then I had the problem of finding out how to dispose of the non-disposable mixture.  The volcano is so small it was hard to get the soda/vinegar(not supplied) in there to use it and be able to see it.  Cups, etc. are all of the lightest, flimsiest sort so you have to be careful with them.The recipes might be nice but I don't have any handy dry ice or a few of the other items.  I imagine my GD will learn a bit from this but the box outside is so much fancier than the materials inside.  Improvements could be made.
This product is not very well made. When I set it up the plastic part that holds the ballon in place kept falling apart. By the time I got it all together the kids had lost interest. There is nothing worse than a bored kid! LOLWould not recommend!
This kit looks promising on the outside, but on the inside it is a disappointment. Others reviews discuss the experiments being dull or repetitive, having to get a bunch of other ingredients, and the overall cheapness of the set and that is all true, at least to some extent.My main gripe is the supporting materials. There is a six page black and white guide that comes with the kit. One page is just the cover and 1/2 of the last is empty, so you end up with 4-1/2 pages to discuss the lab procedure and all the "science" in kit. It is formatted like a poor office memo and has no pictures, worksheets, or anything else. 2/3 of a page is spent calling test tubes "baby soda bottles" and saying you can put water and glitter in them or other random things. I think it is supposed to make science approachable, but it falls flat. The sum of the science ("How does it work") is about 1/2 page.Even with the paucity of materials in the kit, it could be good if there were supporting materials. For example, have a few illustrations showing how to do each experiment. In the "How does it work", show a picture of a polymer and show how it looks with and without water. Have a section to ask kids to write down things (sketch, size, weight) before and after. Add color (one or two at least, maybe full?). This is pretty basic stuff that any supplier of educational materials should know about.As it is, it is disappointing all around.Edit: As I put away the box I saw "More than 25 Activities". I looked over the manual and there doesn't appear to be 25 activities .... unless you count the trivial things. For example, there is 2/3 of a page describing the test tubes and it lists 7 "activities" such as "Discovery Tube - Use a Baby Soda Bottle to collect all sorts of goodies on you next nature walk.; Time Capsule - Use a Baby Soda Bottle as a weatherproof time capsule or secret message holder; ..." The original exercise is basically looking at the test tube, so at least eight of the 24 activities are trivial just on this one page. The rest aren't much better. I think my 2-star review might be a bit generous.
I suggest getting the Mattel or Disney in manufactures box rather then chance a unsafe toy that is not U.S. tested for safty.
Not sure if it just the one we got but the tail will not stay on! It is like it is broken! Very dissappointing because my son has all the ninja turtles and some of the other &#34;bad guys&#34; i.e. shredder, krang, and dog ound. But this is by far the biggest let down. It is not good quality, like the others are.
Ever since 1996 when the N64 came out, they have copied Nintendo to the &#34;T&#34;. Start supporting Nintendo again, and drop this crappy console called PS4. Reasons to buy a Nintendo vs. PS4 or Xbox:1. $100 - $200 cheaper2. Nearly equivalent graphics3. Better, more advanced controller + Free motion sensing option (Xbox and PS4 charge extra for this feature)4. You can watch Netflicks, Amazon Prime, Hulu Plus etc. on the gamepad (like an Ipad, but with buttons and touch screen). Not to mention you can play your games on the handheld.5. Way more durable/Better quality. &#34;What's the last time you've heard of a Nintendo system with a problem?...never&#34; Remember the Ring of Death on Xbox and the disc read erros of PS2?...my point proven...6. Mario, Zelda, Metroid, Mario Kart, Super Smash Brothers, Pikmin, Goldeneye 007, Sonic, Super Punch Out, Zombie U...the list goes on...7. Backwards compatible with your older Nintendo games...all the way to the original NES. Sorry PS3 users, you won't be able to use your PS2 games on your PS4. Also, Xbox will charge you full price for all their games.8. No facial recognition crap!!! Xbox has a camera that watches you and your family 24x7. I think PS4 does too. Yikes...don't be the next victim.9. Smaller, quieter, more energy efficient design.10. More cost efficient games too
My kids were very disappointed when we began playing with this color mat. The orange and green markers are very faint and don't show up as colors they more or less look greyish. The yellow and purple/pink are faint but look like the correct colors, the eraser works fine, but the colors aren't dark so I can't imagine they would be too hard to remove. I was hoping that once the markers were used more they would darken in shade but so far we have had no such luck.
Packaging should say that it can help build muscles.  My daughter enjoyed scribbling her masterpiece up and down the entire tub. I admit that I even had a bit of fun and doodled a few designs over the edge.  If I had known how hard I would have to work to scrub it off, I would definitely have refrained and just had her play with her rubber ducks instead.  It's a great idea and she had a lot of fun, but it wasn't worth the effort it took to get the tub cleaned up.  I can still see some red from her blue/purple crayon on certain spots.
I never used any of the camera things before for the ps3 or the Xbox 360, but when I got both the ps4 and Xbox 1 I made sure to have them. I got just dance for both machines and noticed right away that the ps4 camera does not track well at all!  especially if you have more than one person going at a time. We tried up to 3 people and the ps4 was constantly changing who was standing where and getting confused, where the Xbox 1 worked flawlessly (and I'm more a PlayStation person than an Xbox so it was disappointing!)
it simply doesn't work.  The markers give off a clear ink, that has a slight tint.It seemed like a good idea but is completely unusable.
I was dissapointed when i opened the box the stuffed animal was too small. and i sent it back.  so sad
The setup is difficult. You can barely play with this toy as it's intended. My daughter and I followed the directions and when all said and done, it was no fun to play with. The gate broke within minutes of play. The building itself has no purpose and knocks over very easily. Save yourself the money.
I received this product through Vine but that probably won't be reflected here (I wrote to Amazon about our issue). Our skateboard is a dud and we can't get a replacement. But I think our review is relevant so I'm doing it anyway.My daughter has every Fur Real toy except the very large horse. She was extremely excited about this cute pup. She still intends to play with the puppy but its feature as a skateboarding pup is non-existent.The pup itself has a hard plastic body without a cuddly padding, which could have been used in the design. The "fur" is loose over the plastic form, which bends to do different "tricks" on the skateboard. The dog itself requires no battery. The "30+ tricks" are due to the poses of the dog, including popping up its ears.The skateboard remote (ours works and barks) makes the board go around or forward. Only the back wheels are controlled by the remote, as well as a pivoting wheel that's hidden. The front two wheels are decorative. They spin but aren't controlled by the remote.The dog's Velcro (soft side) paws attach to the Velcro (rough side) strips along the skateboard. It would be simple for even young children to attach Trixie to her skateboard.The problem with our skateboard... well we don't know. The red light lights up and then fades. The wheels don't respond to the remote at all. We tried several batteries and held the remote all distances from the skateboard. All it did was light up and immediately fade.This could have been a really adorable toy if only the skateboard worked. Unfortunately I have a disappointed child and a broken toy. She still wants to play with the puppy and she'll push the skateboard around, which is fine for having gotten it for free. But if you're thinking of buying this toy, you might want to get a different Fur Real Friend for your child.
I played this with three other married people, all in our 30's.  On your turn, another player reads a scenario to you, 'Your date has unusually large hands' for example, and then you decide if its 'All Good' or a 'Deal Breaker'.  Your opponents secretly predict what your answer will be.  A match means points for you and your correct opponents.The questions are (obviously) aimed at the dating set.  First date-type scenarios for the most part, but sometimes it suggests that you are engaged or have been dating for a period of time.  Might be more fun with more people, in a spin-the-bottom type situation of frat house parties, but with married people, and long-time friends, you pretty much know what everyone is going to say.  Feels a bit flirty, but we couldn't wait for it to be over.On the plus side, the cards are actually similar to a coaster you might find at Chili's, same density and build.  There are only 40-some cards, but there are multiple scenarios on each card.  Cards Against Humanity goes a lot further for the same target audience.
This is a game that I would definitely consider who I asked to play. First they must be at least a bit open minded and have a slightly raunchy sense of humor. My grandmother and mother would be offended by the game and I would not want younger children playing it. It is aimed at an adult audience. The questions can be quite personal - not to mention the answers that might come forth.You do need 3 to play and the cards can be used as lightweight coasters. The questions are not ones that you can play with or ask time and time again with the same people.
If an adult can't launch the pig into the basket how is a child supposed to? I'd have given it 1 star, but there are some sound effects, so that got the second star. Other than the character and sound, there just isn't anything else to this one.
My daughter got this as a gift when she was two months old. At first, I loved it. She would like touching the fur and staring at the projections on the ceiling. I would tell her what color was being projected so it was educational.Now this thing is junk, and I'm afraid to let her play with it alone, although she does seem to enjoy it. (she is 10 months now). It is probably one of her favorite toys.The lights don't turn off when they are supposed to, after 20 min. I have seen reports of the plastic melting because of this. Also the blue light has fallen out of place or partially burned out, because it doesn't light up well anymore.The string sewn on to act as a nostril, has been partially removed by my baby. This can act as a choking hazard, so parents beware. I would not buy thus product or recommend it to a friends until this company starts making it better quality.
It probably makes great markers, but we never even got that far.  Its so complicated to figure out how to use it that we never even made them.  My  year old was disappointed and I was just plain frustrated.
Even though I received this for free through Vine, I have to agree with the previous reviewer. This toy looks nice enough, but not only is the price too steep, it doesn't even come with an Ariel doll! For the price, I would think the manufacturers could have at least bundled an Ariel doll with it. My daughter happened to have an old Ariel doll and several other Disney princess dolls, so she could actually create a story around the ship and play with her friends, but anyone looking to purchase this set by itself need to keep in mind that there is no doll included.The set itself is nice enough. Once assembled (doesn't take much time at all), the set is a ship when folded up, and when opened, it reveals an 'under-the-sea' area with several accessories that little girls can use to create stories. All the accessories are made of plastic but once again, I did not think these accessories were especially unique to merit such a hefty price tag. Ariel's bed is included here with a starfish-shaped 'pillow', a vanity with two-sided mirror , an ocean-themed nightstand with a lamp, treasure chest, platter, and other decorations. There are also some beauty items such as a perfume bottle, compact in the shape of a shell, necklaces, tiaras (for the dolls which are not included). The top of the ship has a steering wheel and stand that can hold two dolls. As a playset, it is cute, but unfortunately, the lack of interactive features and doll/s is disappointing considering the price.
Well, hours spent trying to get this to connect to the iPad via Bluetooth.  Finally got it to connect, daughter began playing and was loving it.  Started to get frustrated though because you have to keep your face literally inches away from the screen for it to properly recognize you and place the makeup appropriately.  If you move to a comfortable sitting distance (like the girl in the picture) it does not work AT ALL.  The final straw was that while playing, bluetooth CONSTANTLY disconnected.  Every time we would try to reconnect it, there was another hour of fidgeting, unplugging, re-plugging, new batteries, etc.  It would finally reconnect again but only for another few minutes.  Now today, won't connect at all.  Won't even show up as a device that gives an option of connecting.  I will return it and try one more and see if we got a faulty one but I'm not holding out much hope.
this figure is basically a pure insult to everything Mattel and its DC team has done with the DC license over the past decade.  DC/Mattel used to ROCK, like they rocked hard and us fans ate up those rocks and they popped!!  DC Super Heroes paved the way for Dc Universe Classics and DC comic fans were thrilled for years by the amazing sculpts by the 4H-men and the wildly cool character selection and build a figures...now all the progress and momentum started to dissipate when DC Universe wave 17 came out...then wave 18 came out and that wave sucked too...fans were wondering why or how this was happening...then wave 19 was actually really cool ,and wave 20 would have been amazing had it included a pivotal accessory for the BAF which was canned in favor of repainting another Flash...so it was apparent that the decision making process at Mattel was becoming questionable, maybe people were drinking on the job? who knows...now its 2014 and Mattel has driven DCUC into the grave through extremely poor marketing practices and has turned to the way of the suit....what do I mean by that? I mean that what ever DC loving fans that were making DCSH and DCUC are clearly gone and have been replaced by people who clearly don't have a genuine DC fire burning within them....because a line like this would have NEVER been made and marketed to collectors.....now there are people online arguing that these are aimed at kids and collectors shouldn't get all wound up over them but really, did these people not watch the DC retail panel at SDCC in 2013?  they were premiering this junk to a room full of &#34;adult collectors&#34; who were supposed to be excited about it but the reaction fell really flat and within minutes the internet was polluted with more negative talk about Mattel's DC offerings...and many of these figures that some claim are aimed at &#34;kids&#34; are going to be sold on mattycollector.com, an &#34;adult collector&#34; site that so many kids use right?this total heroes line is already being labeled as &#34;total garbage&#34; by the VAST majority of the people who buy this kind of stuff.this is not a &#34;collectors toyline&#34; created by passionate DC loving people, no, this is an effort to decrease production costs in favor for larger profit margins and that's the basic story.  so if your collecting heart wants to donate money to these people who have clearly lost touch of what makes a great super articulated 6&#34; figure then please go ahead....I am personally spending all my doe on NECA, Hasbro's ML, MOTUC, and will keep my hopes up that DCUC or something EQUALLY as cool will make a return to retail!any how, save yer doe and stay the heck away from anything Total Heroes related!
If your child currently uses an iPhone or iPad, do not waste your money purchasing this product.  Instead purchase the fisher price iPad or iPod cover for your product if you'd like a rugged and child-friendly product.  We have purchased over $300 in apps from LeapFrog, so I can say the following with confidence.  My main complaint is that the leapfrog library selection is weaker than the library of apps and videos available to you from the Apple iTunes store. There are actually more videos and apps related to characters like Bubble Guppies, Daniel Tiger, Umizoomi, etc on iTunes.  Furthermore, the cost of the Apple iTunes videos and apps are much cheaper than the Leapfrog selections and easier to locate.  Beyond that, one should not expect high video quality or responsiveness from this electronic.  It is mind boggling slow.  Customer service is also extremely unresponsive to issues. Within 1 hour the leapfrog 2 had crashes as well as the app center on a brand new computer.  An absolute waste of money.
Tried via Vine.Fun: 2: It took awhile for my girlfriend and I to mold out the bricks. The Crayola version of Play-Doh is pretty terrible in our opinion and several times you couldn't just 'tap' the Morphix from the mold, you'd have to take a ball and try to pull it out, so it took awhile. We finally just rolled the gunk into vague structures. The catapults are kind of fun once you get aiming and the like figured out, but this set is definitely not much fun. I think most kids would like Play-Doh more.Education: 3: I'd say you could go either way for Morphix, but the catapult and all can be semi-educational. I'd just put it in the middle of the ground.Durable: 2: The molds are pretty hard except for two thinner, semi clear strips with trees and ladders, which was flimsier than I'd like, but the pieces should last if you know how to take care of 'em. I couldn't give more stars for the whole set because Morphix is basically Play-Doh filled with sand particles, and boy, can you tell it! There were little sand grits all over our playing area when we were done, so you'll continually have to 'sweep' up the dirt using the Morphix. I guess this was done for legal reasons or something, but it definitely takes the fun out of it. The box doubles as the playmat, and I think it should have at least been vinyl because it'll take lots of punishment if kids do play with it lots.Overall: 2: I do not think this is worth 25 or so dollars by any stretch of the imagination, regardless of how much free sand you'll get from it.
Very disappointed in this product.  Five minutes of use requires sixty minutes of charge.  Save your money or spend it on something else.  Returning this one.
I just received this helicopter and plugged it in and nothing, started looking into it online and realized I got a fake! I have 3 other REAL Syma helicopters and this one is not the real deal!! Will be returning it. It was sent from Plant Stuff
This doll is a scam for Elsa, it looks so fake, the hair is made of plastic and can't be moved, same goes for the legs and arms which can't be moved. The dress is green rather than blue.There is no crown in the set.I wanted bought this product and the original Disney doll. The cheaper one for friends daughter and the Disney one for my little sister. All I can say is that I couldn't give this doll because I will look bad, so I bought another Disney Doll after refunding this one.Check the Disney Elsa doll here: http://amzn.to/1njtym0
I feel the name of this "toy" is misleading and deceptive. The Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader is nothing more than a cellphone case! A highly priced case at that. While it's cute and makes your very expensive iPhone attractive to a baby, it does nothing on its own. Any entertainment will come from your phone and not from this $20.00 box."From the ManufacturerPuppy's Apptivity Book provides baby with an interactive learning experience while protecting mom and dad's electronic device from dribbles and drool. The case, which looks just like baby's favorite book, is the perfect way for them to interact with classic stories and nursery rhymes. The durable case holds the device behind a clear film to protect the screen and mom has the option to block the home button or make it accessible. Puppy's Apptivity Book interacts with the free Laugh and Learn applications. Baby advances content by opening and closing the book's cover, which helps to promote early literacy skills. And, adorable animations and audio prompts will encourage baby to explore and unlock even more rich content. Apple products not included. Compatible with iPhone 1G, 3G, 3GS, 4G, 4S and iPod Touch 2G, 3G, and 4G.The above description refers to the Fisher-Price app you can unlock with purchase. I'm unsure of how they can make the bold claim that advancing content on your iPhone will build literacy skills and the clear film will not protect any phone from the trouble a baby is capable of inflicting on very expensive electronics. Again, the animations and audio prompts also come from the app and your phone, not this toy. Keep in mind there is a safety lock to keep your 6 month old (age recommendation, lol)( and me, almost impossible to open) from removing your phone...which begs the question..how do You answer or use your phone while baby is using it? This is a major fail product!! Please see my picture of actual back of phone, it is not as depicted in this product's description and it does not have a Home button.I can not  recommend this product in good conscience.
This doll. Is poorly made the dress is,poorly  made and of poor workmanship.  And it was not,what I ordered I am disgusted with Amazon!
I've been the proud buyer of several Elmo dolls over the years. For myself, for my own children, and for the children of friends and family. Some Elmos have been purely for the cuteness, some for the interactivity. So we bought just for the giggles. I would not buy this Elmo for any of those.First off: this is a one trick pony. While Elmo does talk, it only does 4 phrases. The action is limited to playing "peekaboo"Second: This Elmo just doesn't look right. The way he sits and the strange "fur" just make for an odd looking Elmo. While definitely recognizable, he just seems different from the others in our house.Third: Elmo...with a blanket...that you can't hug? Well, you can, but you know right away that you are hugging a motorized toy. We have other battery operated dolls that are much more comfortable to snuggle with. They definitely could have done better.Overall: 2 stars. Mostly due to limited appeal and a "just not quite right" look and feel. But I do agree with others that it is really cute.
I bought this pillow and the star pillow for my daughters for Christmas. They both quit after 3 days and new batteries don't fix it. They weren't rough with them either. Very mad I wasted my money on them. Very cool concept if they get them to work longer than 3 days.
My three-year-old Son is fanatical about Spider-Man, and loves cars, so a Spider-Man car seemed like a natural. (The fact that it also came with a Venom car was an added bonus. Venom is a longtime favorite character of mine.) My Wife assembled the cars with him while I was at work, so I missed the construction phase of this toy, but I understand that it was a bit of a chore. By the time I arrived home, most of the frailer/smaller parts had been lost (They fall off VERY easily...), and each car was missing wheels. The toy is marked 3 and up, but there are a lot of small parts, so evaluate you child and use your best judgment...If they're the types that put everything in their mouth, this is not the toy for them. My Son really does enjoy the cars, but they're VERY flimsy, and don't stand up to anything more than gentle play. If you're looking for a cool Spider-Man/Venom car to display, than this would fit the bill perfectly. If you have a kid who plays hard, you'd be better off with Matchbox or Hot Wheels.
I got this for my 4 year olds &#34;Purple Barbie&#34; birthday.  The doll is very pretty but the one wing broke immediately.  My husband put it together and may have done it wrong but now it won't come off to try and fix.  I missed my return window on Amazon.  The ad looks so cool if the wings work right.  She still plays with it though and is happy.
I have gotten really good at putting things together for my 15 month old. I got this to take my don and his friend to the park. The wagon looks great, storage case is big but not bulky. It is nicely cushioned seats. Why I gave it a 2 is because the instructions were not very clear. I wish it was more detailed. The parts also I wish would actually be labeled with some type of sticker or engraving because I accidentally got the back wheels on backwards. To correct the problem is impossible. My mistake but I think if the instructions were clearer as well as the parts easier to identify especially the wheel components I would have given this at least a 4. Once a mistake is made on the wheels like I rid, you can't fix it. I will just deal with it:(
Bought this for my son as a Christmas present.  I nearly killed myself sticking the sticks into the spheres, I had to put vaseline to get most of the sticks to go in.  Once I got something assembled, it fell apart way too easily.  Returned item in frustration.  My son still wants a fort kit.
I have been hoping that Nerf would introduce a dart gun like this -- a compact non-bullpup configuration of flywheel-based dart gun.  I really wanted to like this thing!First the good things...--Comfortable to hold, balanced well enough that you don't immediately develop wrist fatigue holding it.--Feels solidly built -- no creaking sounds when holding or firing it.--The motor spins up quickly enough that you can realistically fire a dart after only a short delay to rev up the flywheels.--The rear part is compatible with stocks from various other Nerf dart guns, which provides a bit of flexibility.Now the bad things -- oh, so many...--Frequent jamming, in the sense that the main trigger sometimes cannot be pulled to fire a dart, even when there is a full clip of darts in place -- after testing all sorts of combinations of old and new darts with both old and new ammo clips and ammo drums, I can honestly say that it does NOT matter whether you use old or new darts, and it does not matter whether you use old or new clips/drums (I even had a jam with its own 6-dart clip and the 6 darts that came with in the box in place) -- this thing just loves to jam up more than any other dart gun I've ever tried.--Speaking of jamming, the jam door looks tantalizingly like it provides good access to where the darts are taken off the top of a clip and pushed into the location of the flywheels, but when you open the nice big jam door, you find an all-too-narrow opening underneath it -- it is actually the most constricted access for clearing jams I've ever seen on a Nerf dart gun -- why?--Nerf clearly intended the front part of this dart gun to be compatible with the various barrel extensions that have been offered on other Nerf dart guns, but I can confirm that the barrel extensions from the Retaliator and the Recon both wobble in place after being attached -- this simply shouldn't happen, given that Nerf is the designer and manufacturer of all of these different parts -- the pieces should fit solidly together.--The clip-release button is in an awkward place facing towards the trigger grip and it doesn't fully release the clips when used -- the Stampede and Alpha Trooper have very nice and easily-used slide-controls on each side to allow operation with a finger of the trigger hand while that hand is still on the trigger grip, and the clip smoothly falls out when released -- on this dart gun, the clips stay stuck in place such that they need to be pulled out, and operation with a finger of a trigger hand still holding the trigger grip requires an awkward-feeling outward push of a finger of the trigger hand.Then there's a pet peeve I have about all of the flywheel-based foam dart guns I've ever tried...  Why can't Nerf or anyone else offer a flywheel-based dart gun with QUIET motors -- is it really necessary for these things to be so loud?  I presume it's a cost issue -- louder motors cost less than quieter ones.  However, I would actually be willing to pay considerably more to have a flywheel-based dart gun that was actually quiet when revving -- and I don't think I'm alone!So far, it appears that modding this dart gun is the only way to solve the jamming problem -- but it shouldn't be necessary to do such things!This could have been the "end-all" of clip-type flywheel-based dart guns, but the annoyances are all too many.  If you want an "elite" series flywheel-based dart gun, I highly recommend the new "elite" version of the Rayven (which was released pretty much side-by-side with the Stryfe).  I've almost never had a jam on either the old all-green version of the Rayven or the new blue-and-white "elite" version.
This thing is not interactive, it does what it wants. It responds appropriately once in awhile...by that I mean when you sing, it should sing back or if you pull it's tail it should say ow or something similar. Maybe ours is just crap, but it doesn't seem to care what my daughter does or says it's response makes no sense. Doesn't at all seem to be &#34;learning&#34; or &#34;shaping it's personality&#34; ...the stupid thing want's to sleep most the time. BIG WASTE OF MONEY.
hated it because what I get are not same as pictured no freckles - I sent it back and told that I want one with freckles!Otherwise beautiful doll
Amazon has this toy rated for ages 3-10 but the box itself says it's for ages 5+. My son is 4 years old and had no trouble playing with it.To start, the toy was difficult to put together. There are so many pieces and the directions are not straightforward. Worse, some of the plastic parts did not fit together well.Once put together, the toy wasn't great. The car is supposed to zoom around the track but it didn't go very fast (on both the upper and lower tracks) no matter how much we cranked the handle. The upper track has portions where the car is supposed to do side wheelies. What actually happened was the car stalled and got stuck.In theory, I can see how this looks fun on the drawing board but the reality is my son played with this for several hours, then abandoned it and hasn't played with it since. And this is a boy who usually compulsively plays with track toys. So in short, save your money and skip this one.
They have made everything so wide that unless you are a bull in a china shop, or maybe blindfolded (might have to try that) it is so easy it is boring. My 5 year old likes it but no one else does. Especially since the youngest goes first and there are only 11 pieces. I will feel guilty even giving it to the Goodwill, so it will probably be put on the curb for free.  Don't waste your time or money with this game.Hasbro - bring back the classic game where you didn't always get a piece every time, but had a sense of accomplishment when you did get one.
*This is a disappointment.  Here are four reasons.To use the lower track the set must be set on a horizontal, flat, solid, surface.  Surfaces it won't work on include granite staircases (not horizontal or flat), sand, a black velvet painting of Elvis, and the upper tier of the green at the 18th hole at St. Andrews, which, by the way, you won't be able to use for more than about a minute anyway before all kinds of people wearing various comical forms of golfing attire come storming out of the clubhouse RIGHT STRAIGHT AT YOU and waving their arms and yelling at you to get off their precious old sod.  Sheesh.  For this sincere limitation I subtract one star.Oh, and it also doesn't work on carpets or rugs.*The bottom track does have a chance of working on a solid surface such as an oak floor or a tabletop that's large enough and otherwise unneeded.  Other surfaces it works on include a big mirror, a sheet of Lexan, the roof of a Humvee, and a freshly Zambonied ice skating rink, which, by the way, you won't be able to use for very long, at least not at Crown Center, before this sad-looking, slope-shouldered, 16-year-old comes slumping out onto the ice and tells you you can't set up your Disney/Pixar Cars Stunt Racers Double Decker Speedway there, "not even in a corner."  Sheesh.I found the instructions to be generally impenetrable upon the first reading and barely penetrable after the third, and I ended up relying on the pictures on the box and on this very Amazon description page, which shows several views of the assembled track from different vantages.  For this I subtract another star.  If you are still interested in this product, you will be pleased to learn that its assembly does not require tools such as a hammer or a cordless drill or an oxyacetylene welding torch.*The package comes with exactly one fewer than the minimum required number of cars to have a race, which according to my math is two.  The arrangement of dual starting lines and dual launch buttons and dual tracks begs the participants to race one car against another, one on the ground and the other in the air, yet no matter how hard you search amongst the contents of the box, you will not find a second car to race against the one car you do find.  To stage races one must drive to a store and spend money to get a second car or use Amazon or some similar online service and spend money to get a second car.  Or you could do as I have done and fabricate one yourself, which I can now tell you takes a lot more time and money than you might originally have expected.This failure is plainly stated by the manufacturer right on the box and on the Amazon description page, so it's not like customers can complain they were taken completely unawares, but it is still a failure, for which I subtract another star.*One more thing is, if you don't have the added enjoyment of a race, after a pretty short time this toy becomes boring.  Except for this one deal where you can alter the upper car's course into a winner's circle, it's the same routine time after time.  It's the same thing over and over, it becomes repetitive, it becomes repetitive, and it become repetitive, for which I subtract one star.*If your math is the same as mine, this baby has lost all the stars it can.*
I loved this game as a kid. My 2 year old operated this without hitting the edges. Also, I remember the older version came with cards that told you what ailment to remove? This is just let the youngest go first and then pass to the left. Also, if you push the nose it buzzes. So your trying to swat hands away while another child is at &#34;work.&#34; Should be sold for single digits. I gave it one star because you do get an occasional giggle. But I'm going to have to contain my eye rolling when the kids want to choose this game.
Really, really cute, and had a precious little child voice... then, all of a sudden, it took on this teenage boy voice, saying &#34;ooh, baby.&#34;  Don't know if this is how it's supposed to be, but didn't seem appropriate for my young granddaughter.  While preparing to send it back, it went back to little child voice.... just couldn't trust that it would stay like that.  The only one in the house to even handle it was me, so no others could have influenced.  What a shame. My granddaughter loves zebras, and this would have been absolutely perfect..... as long as the batteries weren't in it.  Insert sad face here....  sent it back....
Didn't like it, several of the guns I purchased fell apart after a few hours of play, would not buy this product again, ever.
This is complete junk & do not expect it to last 60 days maybe 90, that is if she played with it.  Such junk, she's already lost interest in it and Christmas was 7 days ago.  When you open the box, there are a jillion pieces and one sheet of instructions that are pictures only.  After about 10 pictures they figure both you and they know the pictures are ridiculous and they don't make any further attempt at instruction - sort of like &#34;OK,  we both know this isn't helping, so we're  just going to stop now.&#34;  So right now you're thinking, how difficult can it be?  When the only written instruction on the elevator says, &#34;If it doesn't work, force it.&#34;, you know you have junk.  The string for the elevator is supposed to be wound around and through & over and under and still it jams and catches between floors while the kid is helplessly jerking on this string in frustration.  The elevator is just too big for the elevator tunnel and there is no adjustment whatsoever - just force it - what a concept!  The inserts in the instructions make no sense and are extremely poor quality.  The wiring is so below par that I'm surprised Mattel even has their name on the package.  The toilet on this one flushes continually with the smallest vibration from anywhere on the house the toilet flushes - wonderful - so while she's jerking on the stupid elevator string the toilet flushes like she's leading an orchestra of toilets.  Sure we know it's a short, but we didn't pay this much money to troubleshoot crap.  It is more cardboard than plastic and what plastic is there is ill-fitting and bows out or just pops out of place.  The cardboard backing - right out of the package - is warping/curling forward like - well like cheap junk.  The impact of seeing this Christmas morning was great, but after a few attempts she went on to other things that worked.  She gives it a half-hearted try every now & then but really has no interest in it since the main attraction - the elevator - doesn't work.  We'll put it in her room for awhile, but come Spring - &#34;YARD SALE&#34;!  Not worth the money for 90 days of looking at it.
This is a kids toy with the construction for an adult. It works out of the box but cannot take the punishment that a child dishes out.  I head that pillow pets were a good product brand, but it seems it is just another fad.Looks good to start, but not worth it.
Glitter appears everywhere!,,,, in the boy, on the doll, on the face, hands ... Don't like the idea.The doll is pretty, just hate the glitter.
Be advised, this is a pretty worthless product. I only bought it because my niece and nephew have another one, and they wanted one more so they could build one big super fort. The &#34;balls&#34; are a hard foam like material, and the holes very shallow. The rods have to be rammed in and even them it's hard to get them in the holes. Once built, it's pretty flimsy and if you move it the whole thing falls apart. If an adult assembles this, and the kids don't shake it around, it can work out. Of course, kids will be kids, and adults aren't always the ones who will put it together - which means this is pretty worthless. For the price, especially, it's really poor.
I've been working jigsaw puzzles all my life. My grandfather had severe arthritis in his hands and worked puzzles constantly at the recommendation of doctors. After he finished he always gave me the puzzles to work. By the time I reached the age of 12, I probably had worked 500 or 600 puzzles that were 1,000 or more pieces large.So I love puzzles. I love them of all shapes, design, and size.I hated this puzzle. I hated it so much I couldn't bring myself to finish it, making it perhaps the first puzzle I disliked so much I couldn't finish it.The painting the puzzle was based on was fine, but what put me off was the huge number of incredibly quirky puzzle pieces. Everytime I saw a piece shaped like an animal or a man playing tennis or a bird or whatever, I felt something like grating in my soul.I do not recommend this puzzle. In fact, I recommend that people avoid it. There rea thousands of great puzzles out there. Do one of those instead.
Being huge Marvel Comics fans, my eight and four year old nephews were happy to give this Spider-Man/Venom car set a try.What I observed:>The toy cars are made of lower quality plastics that one would find at a discount mart or the local swap meet.>Easy to assemble by snapping the parts onto the cars but the parts don't stay secure.>HUGE box (mostly empty spaces) for two cell phone sized cars and their tiny parts.>Not many customization options; just mix and match rims, and door side weapons (web shooter cannons or missile armed wings).>The suspension customization (using buttons on the bottom of the cars) is a joke: fully down/compressed for Race, front end up for Lifted, rear end up for Jacked, or both ends up for Off-Road.  The kids were not impressed.>The web-shooter cannon is just a spring loaded launcher of two plastic "web" pods.>The kids did have some fun for about 15 minutes playing demolition derby and smashing the cars and parts into smithereens.Overall:Weak. Don't waste $19.99 (at time of review) on this low end, unimaginative toy set that's worth about $5.
The top of Elsa's dress is painted on. My Granddaughter didn't want her. I returned the doll and purchased the sisters and Kristoff from The Disney Store fully clothed with fabric. My Granddaughter is thrilled with them.
This is one of the worse Fisher-Price products I have ever come across. It is meant for an infant or very young toddler to use an iPhone or iPod. The product starts off bad and gets worse. The packing makes it seem like it is a gold bullion: I don't think these are going to be objects of theft.Then the back is hard to get off, if you have a case you need to take it off, and then the plastic cover makes buttons very hard to use. To top it off you don't even get any credit for Fisher-Price paid apps, just a QR code to some free apps.Much better ways to use your money and completely forget it for a phone of iPod you use. I could only see it for a spare and it isn't even worth it for that. Not recommended.
Now, I know these figures are primarly targeted at kids and if you're a parent and wanna buy this for your kids you should do so.I think kids will like this figure if they like the character.However, as a collector I'm not too happy with Spider Bytez.First of all, this figure has the common problem of the current TMNT playmates line by being WAY to small. In the series, Spider Bytez was about twice as tall as the turtles, this figure however is by far the smallest of the current TMNT line. Even if you add the spider legs to it, it's still just about as tall as a regular TMNT figure.But that's not all. Like articulation? Spider Bytez doesn't have much. The arms move around and the spider legs are fully articulated which is nice but that's it. Legs don't move at all and the arm articulation is pretty limited. Bottom line is you won't get much posing out of this guy.Finally, the body's hollow which just seems really weird. Not a huge deal but just why is that?Overall Spider Bytez is a disappointment for collectors. Unless you're a completionist like me, I'd say it's an easy pass especially with it not being one of the more prominent characters of the show.
This is NOT a sparkle doll like the rest despite what they claim! This is made of squishy plastic, Hair is nothing like picture, vey very cheaply made toy. This is what I expect from a dollar store!
This broke right away after I bought it. Fully charged it lasts for about 15 minutes then you have to charge all over again
We've had two of these and they both broke on the first crash.  The balance bar on the main rotor is the weak spot.
These bands do not compare to the genuine rainbow loom products. My son tried making the more complex bracelets that he know how to make and they kept on braking and the colors in person are a little weird.
My daughter could not wait to play with "The Barbie Digital Makeover Mirror." Yes, you have to remove your Otter Box or any other protective cover to insert this in the stand. Common sense and supervision will keep your iPad from damage. It takes AA batteries for the "lights" to work. In order for the lights to work and everything else, you also have to be paired with your Bluetooth connectivity. You have to download the App from the iTunes store.  You take a picture of yourself with your iPad camera and off you go. Unfortunately, this toy does not perform well due to the Bluetooth constantly losing connection. The facial tracking works somewhat for the "demo" makeup, but not when you try to put your own makeup on. When you move your head, the makeup does not stay in place like they lead you to believe. Half the time, the make up wand does not work to pick up the colors and you have to go back and try all over again. This ended up leaving my daughter all frustrated and she has not played with it since. We did have a few good laughs with this initially, because the "demo" makeup is really funny and my son was using it and making crazy facial expressions. I think the price tag is way too high and the product way too glitchy for me to recommend this.
This toy is useless.  It is suppose to be able to launch play-dough at buildings that you build.  The play-dough was to be inserted into a dinosaur mold but the play-dough gets stuck in the dinosaurs mouth and thus you can't get it out.  This terrible toy has no education value other than creativity.The set comes with two launchers, four molds shaped like houses, trees, etc., and play-dough that seemed like it was mixed with moon sand.Overall this toy was boring.  The molds are not too hard to make if you use enough play-dough but the launcher is not very effective.I would not recommend this toy.
much smaller than I thought, action is nice but too small, llx has nothing :( ,but the quality is very good toy
I love most Crayola products but the Doodle Magic Lap Desk is a piece of  @!#%*$!  The 'markers' smell horrific and you can barely see the marks that they make when used upon the lap desk.  I cannot even believe this inferior product was put on the market.  Crayola - what were you thinking???  Returning first thing tomorrow.
The tail pull of the mermaid broke off within a week and the doll does not sing without the tail. The product is poorly made if it couldn't stand up to a 6 and 3 year old playing with it for a week.
Lower than expectations. Not like the quality of other Radio Flyer products. it is hard to manoveur and very stiff. While standing on it both feet, it is not sturdy, loses balance and my toddler falls off easily. Scooter in this didn't seem fun for my 2 year old.
I suppose this game is good if you want a laugh with some pals over a drinks or more ... This basically is a game for people who are dating, and preferably 18 yrs above as some scenarios are quite personal. And has to have at least 3 persons to play the game - however, it could be modified for a 2 person game, just to know the partner &#60;shrug&#62;.Another comment are that the scenarios are quite limited (given it is only 49 coasters) and a little silly. I mean they have scenarios like: -1) You are on your first date with someone who is smoking hot but has a missing tooth, which is really obvious when they talk.2) You have been on a few good dates when you realize that your date is wearing a wig and dyeing their eyebrows.3) You are on a first date and the person is amazing. They&#8217;ve recently dyed their hair bright purple and they say they love it.4) You&#8217;ve been on a few dates and really like the person when you notice that your partner has freakishly huge hands.&#8221;5) You are on a blind date and the person is gorgeous. They avoid using motor vehicles because it's bad for the environment.I am pretty sure there are more realistic scenarios than the above but than again I may be wrong.In my opinion, Deal Breaker is good for a laugh maybe once or twice, but fairly limited by the scenarios. Not a game that is long lasting, but the coasters will be useful though ...
I bought this for my 4 year old because the reviews on line seemed very positive.  It shows up to age 5, so I thought it'd work.  It's hard to maneuver and my 4 year old has been on it maybe two times since Christmas.  He told me it wasn't fast.  I previously purchased the Radio Flyer bumper car, and that is fast and fun.  Buy that instead :)
I was very excited to buy this for my niece but when i got it i was dissapointed.  I sent it back
Deal Breaker appears to be the type of game whose target audience could be the twenty something crowd. When the twenty something guy in my family came over looking to see if we had an actual Yahtzee game, I showed him this one. It was an immediate turnoff and he wasn&#8217;t one bit interested. I think that the 18+ age range for the game is probably necessary for screening because some of the Deal Breaker cards are some you wouldn&#8217;t want your young teen to read. The age group for which this game is intended, is simply not interested. They are looking for &#8220;the one&#8221; and this game, well ... it&#8217;s a bit too immature.The premise of the game is to have the other players (you need at least three) to figure out what might be a &#8220;Deal Breaker&#8221; for you in a relationship. There are a couple of stacks of coaster-sized cards (4&#8221; x 4&#8221;), red ones that are labeled &#8220;Deal Breaker&#8221; and the green ones that say &#8220;All Good.&#8221; The youngest player goes first. There are two scenarios on each card. Perhaps everything is all good with the world or one of these scenarios could be a deal breaker. In other words, it&#8217;s goodbye time to the relationship. Each person selects one random card from each deck.It you are the Focus, you listen to the person read one of the scenarios from one of their cards. Would this scenario be a Deal Breaker for you or All Good? You can slide a card that indicates your choice on to the table. If you think all would be well with the scenario and this imaginative person could be &#8220;the one,&#8221; you&#8217;d place your All Good card face down (colored side down) on the table. The other players will have to guess what you are thinking and place one face down as well. Scoring goes according to how the guessing goes.These coasters, which remind me of bar coasters are pretty much the same quality. Cheap, disposable, and probably wouldn&#8217;t last with a lot of use. The questions are rather silly for the twenty something crowd, but would probably titillate teens who might snag them. The twenty somethings I know are trying to disconnect somewhat from the high-tech world around them and get back down to earth with games they may have played from their childhood. Not ones like Party Until You Puke, but rather the good old standards like Monopoly, Yahtzee, or Parcheesi. The idea of Zobmondo&#8217;s Deal Breaker is interesting, but falls short of what their target audience is looking for. I&#8217;ll tap out a few random Deal Breaker scenarios so you&#8217;ll get the idea. Not recommended because my twenty something took one look at it and pretty much dissed it.DEAL BREAKER SCENARIOS:&#9658; &#8220;You are on a first date together and your date says the price of your menu selections and then whistles under their breath ...&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on your first date with someone who is smoking hot but has a missing tooth, which is really obvious when they talk.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on your fifth date and things are going great, except your partner is a horrible kisser and doesn&#8217;t seem to be improving.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on a first date and the person is amazing. They&#8217;ve recently dyed their hair bright purple and they say they love it.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You&#8217;ve been on a few dates and really like the person when you notice that your partner has freakishly huge hands.&#8221;
Bought this for Christmas and it worked for a few minutes and then stopped. Replaced batteries and still won't work. I can't return because I bought it in sept.
Kept her busy for as long as the stickers lasted. After that she was done with this thing. Another gimmic!
STOP BUYING XBOX OR PS4. They have contracts with the NSA to watch you and your family during private time. Spooky...
I wouldn't purchase this set. The markers do not show up at all and stink really strongly of chemicals. I didn't even feel comfortable letting my son play with it. He got down on the floor and started to color then cried because the markers were "broken". Here is the fix! Get out your crayola washable markers and use those. They write on the map and wipe cleanly afterwards, best of all- they actually show up.So while I wouldn't buy this set as half of it is flawed, i will say that the mat is nice to have as long as you have washable crayola markers to use on it.
So very disappointed the crayons did not work..very frustrating for the 4 year on Christmas morning.wish I listened to the other reviewers. Thought that the company had resolved the problem.
My MIL got these for me because my girls love this kind of stuff.  They had a great time as these crayons are very bright and bold.  I threw them away immediately after I tried to clean the mess.  It just smears with water and with cleaner it smears a little less.  I hate these things.  Do not get these.  Do not give these as gifts. I wish I could give zero stars.
looks gorgous, boring shooter.
My daughter is 11 and very careful with her toys.  She tried to take off Peeta's boot, and the foot fell off.  Neither of us could get it back on as the plastic piece inside the leg was bent.  My son finally got the foot back on, but now my daughter is afraid to touch the dolls.  I expected more from Mattel.  Shame on you Mattel for such poor quality goods.
This has a number of experiment ideas that can be done fairly easily to help interest children in science.  When I first got this box, I wondered if there was anything in it because it was so light &#8211; maybe a couple of cups and a couple of pieces of paper?  There was slightly more than that in the box.One small bag of powder to make instant snow.15 superabsorbent crystals5 spheres (?)5g garbled marbles1 package fizzing tablets (11, looks like Easter egg dyes.)3 plastic cups (ketchup holder )like3 pipettes3 (plastic) test tubes1 (small) color wheel1 9 well mixing tray (think miniature egg holder, plastic)1 measuring scoop1 test tube holder1 set of instructionsEverything else that you need to do the experiments are common household objects, except maybe the plastic shoe box.  If they had actually put all of the parts in that plastic container, this could have been more useful.The most useful part of this kit is the instructions but I don't see anything here that couldn't be found on the internet.
The arms / branches fall off constantly with just normal play (walking it around and such).  My son loves ninja turtles and initially thought it was awesome but within minutes it fell apart and we kept fixing it and within a week he abandoned it all together.
My daughters (4 & 5 years old) LOVE Lalaloopsy, so when I saw this toy, I knew they needed to have it. While there love for Lalaloopsy and this toy seems eternal, I'm less than impressed with the Mini Lalaloopsy Silly Fun House Playset. It has many small parts that seem designed to be lost. It's flimpsy and the parts only stay together if placed delicately and never played with. There is no possible way to play with the toy as designed. The car traveling the track shakes the track itself loose. While my kids are still willing to ask me to put it together again and again, I'm less than enthused.
My son loves it because he doesnt know much about how it could make him sound but the voice changer part on the one we got is broken, nothing happens when you push that button. He loves making it say the Darth Vader phrases though...
Got this toy as one of the Black Friday deals on Amazon and figured my 2 year old would love it because she loves Dora.  I never expected the toy to be this much fun.  You need hardwood floors for this to work.  It needs a lot of space for turns and routines so don't expect as we did to put them on a tabletop.  We did get quite a workout doing so to stop them from falling.  Many laughs there on Christmas.My daughter has just as much much holding boots and Dora having them "talk" to one another as she does watching them dance.  She really enjoys taking Dora's helmet off and putting it on, fixing her hair.  This was the unexpected Christmas hit and I'm very happy we picked this toy to open first in the morning from Santa before all the other family arrived an hour later.Edit: 2 months in and Dora quit dancing.  She still sings but what a landfill waste.  Upsetting.
I thought that this would make a really fun kit to use with my children, ages 8 and 5.  It looked very promising (and very tasty!)  The truth of the matter, however, is that the majority of the "kit" needs to be purchased separately at the grocery store.  This kit, for the most part, merely contains the supplies that you need to do experiments on desserts that you make.There are some recipe cards, but the problem is that it's not something that kids can do independently.  It says that the intended age for kids is between 8-15, but I would say that the interest level is more 5-10 (at the most.)  This means that the majority of kids who would really enjoy the kit and see it more as a treasure trove of possibility instead of simple plastic pieces, aren't able to even read the recipe cards well enough to make the desserts, or follow the instructions on how to conduct the experiments.Overall, the kit has potential, however, I do not think it's being marketed correctly, nor are the materials reusable.  At more than $20, I do not feel there is enough value to this product to justify its intended purpose.
Requires a lot of pull to get the car to the end of the track - and the fun is over in about .25 seconds, not much replay value.Much prefer a Mattel Hot Wheels set which is built to be extended and inspires creativity - this is dead-end, one-trick pony.
Not only did this break within the hour of play but it also is extremely HARD to shoot and shoots the darts so far and fast that if your hit with one of them they leave a serious mark.
I'm a bit confused about the age limit on this product - and the stern warnings to stick to it.  The warnings would practically have you believe that any child under eight who so much as looks as this product is in imminent danger of spontaneous combustion or something.  But having looked through the activities, I'm hard-pressed to find anything terribly dangerous or very much different than the science kits I've been doing with my older daughter since she was five (she's now seven) and now with my younger daughter is who almost five.  In fact, I'm doubtful that children much older than eight would find this kit terribly entertaining.There is an interesting variety of activities in this kit, which run the gamut from intriguing to rather lame.  The first activity, for instance, involves collecting samples from the "crime scene" into collection bags.  Except that there is no crime scene.  We don't even know what the crime was or what we're looking for.  I guess kids are just supposed to use their imaginations and make something up, which is all well and good, but it's rather confusing the way it's presented.  So basically you just end up using tweezers to put bits of carpet fiber or other debris into small baggies.Other activities involve looking at prints and tracks - fingerprints, bicycle tracks, footprints, imprints of keys, etc.  Some of these activities could be interesting and educational for kids.  My older daughter enjoyed only two activities we have done, the footprint mold (but there was barely enough plaster to fill the mold even very thinly) and the key mold (again, hardly enough dough in the kit to make a good impression).One activity involves opening cans of dog food in different areas under different weather circumstances and looking for fly larva.  You'll want to do this one outside.  On the other end of the messy spectrum, one activity involves looking at a card with a "before" and "after" picture of a crime scene in order to note the differences and choose the right suspect.The most intriguing activity deals with isolating DNA, but it's also the most involved activity.  It requires "methylated spirit" (the one component that would have been very helpful to have provided is, of course, not provided) as well as a number of household items and several complicated steps.My biggest complaint with this kit is how little it contains.  You could do most of the activities with common household items and a trip to the hardware store.  The items which are provided are largely inadequate and/or flimsy (which is quite disappointing, as durability is usually one of Ravensburger's hallmarks).  It's handy to have all the activities assembled in one kit, but it might have been better had they expanded the instruction book into a longer and more free-standing book, since most of the other materials in the kit are easily obtainable.  As it stands, I really can't recommend this kit.
I can't understand why there's people out their price gouging these authentic Disney items. Why? So you can let down all these innocent kids? How can you be so heartless? I've been on the hunt for these plush Elsa dolls from Disney, yet, their allowing these prices? I want to buy one pretty badly, but, not for 111.00 no thanks. Thanks to this I can say I don't own Elsa. I'm very sad because I would've loved to own her. :( please adjust this price.
I ordered this pound of dice after reading the slew of great reviews and positive comments. I've been browsing through the Chessex collection of dice for some time now and have seen massive amounts of their dice that friends own. In that time, I've never once seen the awful looking dice that I managed to end up with today. Instead of going over all of the horrible combinations of colors and the blemishes on a few dice, I'll just say that my next pound of dice order will go to a competitor, which is a shame, because I want my dice to match. Here are the quantities, for review sake:D100: 13D20: 15D12: 19D10: 12D8: 14D6: 9 (normal ones) / D6 (with pips): 6D4: 795 Dice + Standard set of a white with red lettering. I guess they were packaged during Valentine's Day.My hope is that Chessex will work with me to swap some of these out. If so, I will update my review.
I only gave this one star because I had to. My daughter begged for this for Christmas. I tossed up between getting the name brand (this one) and a generic and I decided on this one because it was no-bake and the generic required oven baking. I thought the fridge would be safer for my 6 year old than the oven so she could do the whole process herself. I am kicking myself now. The batter is supposed to &#34;rise&#34; in the fridge to fill the molds and make a sphere but it doesn't - at most it expands slightly. The cake pops are uneven and the sticks pull right out of them and all you end up with is a cold, squishy bit of raw dough on a stick. We never even got as far as making the icing because there was obviously no way of properly icing them, let alone doing the sprinkle patterns they show on the box. The only enjoyment she got out of it was scraping the bowl after our attempts to make the dough - although I can't imagine why as I tried to eat it and it was revolting, like sugar with lumps in. Don't. Just.... don't.
Worst money I have spent on a toy. This lasted two days before the castle broke :/. I paid $32.99 at toys r us with my coupon. The castle is flimsy and the parts that move aren't easy moving. My daughter is 4 1/2 and is gentle on her toys. The upside to the castle is the light up feature and it's nice it comes with two characters. My daughter was glad to have Olaf since we couldn't find a mini figure of him anywhere. I would not spend the money again on this though.
We are a big fan of Color Wonder in this house, however, I have to say that this set isn't as good as some others. My daughter loves the princesses so there's no complaints there, but the colors barely even show on the glitter parts. I also have to admit, I'd really just rather buy the pages separately from the markers. We keep getting the same set of markers from the various princess sets we own so we now own about 5 cinderella dress blues, 5 yellows, 5 sleeping beauty pink and 5 Tiana green markers. It would be nicer to just buy the coloring pages on their own (I know some packs are sold alone, but these aren't) so we don't keep getting the same markers over and over. It seems like a waste.Overall, skip the glitter and get a different Color Wonder set. The concept is nice, but in practice, it didn't work that well.
This toy consists of a vehicle launcher and one or more vehicles that can be folded into a ball and unfolded by pressing a button on the vehicle.  Only one vehicle comes with the launcher set.  The launcher is very easy to assemble, but accessing the battery compartment requires a slim Philips screwdriver.  Unfortunately, the toy is not well designed.  To launch a vehicle (again, only one is included in the box), the child would have to press a side lever.  The trigger simply emits a red LED beam.  In our case, no matter how we tried, we simply could not get the vehicle ball to transform back into the vehicle shape after launching. The ball simply rolls forward a short distance, then nothing happens. Hence my review title, "Where's action?"
you better of stick to the computerized game of Angry Birds. This one takes awful lots of time to set up together just to be knocked down in two seconds. Kids have no patients to keep setting it up.
about a week after i got her . her arms and legs fell off. i could put the arms back on but the legs were not able to be put back in . her clothes also come off easy and the hair style isnt permant . the brush is cheaply made too .
Now I bought this for my three year old son with the hope that I would move him away from using my phone and focus on something that is educational.( Background note, my son has been using the computer since he was 1 1/2 years so he knows his way around technology.)Unboxing the device it does look nice . The design is intriguing, it feels good in your hands and does look sturdy. From my take that's all I like. I registered the device and started using it with my son. This is where the disappointment starts.-The resolution is poor. It takes very long to load ,so this irritates my son.-The camera is poor,in his words "horrible."-The painting app that it comes pre-loaded with also has a delay so after you write or scribble about a second after you would see your design. I find this just unacceptable. For one thing when my son wrote, he kept on doing it over and over because he thought it wasn't working.He really wants to like it but every time he starts using it, he gets frustrated.Next important point the applications are very expensive. You can pay as much as $20 for an app. Now some will say you cant put a price on a child's education but leapfrog you did. I spent $35 yesterday on 3 apps and those were just books.Also, if you think the resolution is bad initially , It gets worse when you start reading the books.The biggest thing is the price , you pay a hefty fee of about $150 for this thing , the same price you would pay for a 7" Samsung tab 3 or kindle HDx and these pack features that are far advanced. The leapfrog comes no way close to any of these tablets for that ridiculous price and the sad part is that you easily can spend up to an additional $100 just to get the essential apps for you kids.The only thing that is going for this right now in my mind is the fact that kids love the idea that this belongs to them, was made for them.I might be the only one complaining now but remember this generation of kids knows about  8 megapixel cameras and blueray movies. So at some point they would get tired of this.I hope you take  some of my points into consideration because they are valid.
With four daughters, I've gone through quite my share of temporary tattoos. Unfortunately, there are only a couple brands that make a decent product. This one is not one of those. These tattoos are very small - 8 of the "16" are super-small - and they began to crack and flake almost immediately. True, the cost is low, but so is the fun factor. I'd recommend looking elsewhere.
As many have already said, there isn't much to this kit and it hardly seems worth the price. The instructions are a 8 thin black and white pages in small type and it all seems very complicated for so very little payoff.Major issues:This is "Dr. Dessert, The Science of Sweets and Treats", so why are about half the experiments that have nothing to do with sweets and treats, such as a volcano, lava lamp, crystal creature, polymer snow, and borax crystals? Couldn't they come up with enough ideas about kitchen chemistry to make this work? What they do have about kitchen treats are not really experiments but recipes for things like chocolate cake and rock candy. You might as well just get these recipes yourself.There is little science. For some reason there is 1/2 page on acid and bases related to the "experiment" of mixing baking soda with vinegar. But, although there are three or four experiments with crystals, there is barely a word about supersaturation or crystal structure.This package appeals to young folks, with the cartoons and the payoff of some low-end treats. However the material requires an adult. Any older kid would be very bored with this and wouldn't value "Jello" enough to do the work.Less Bad, but Still Disappointing:The stuff you do get is cheap. Given I have to supply so much, I could also supply the plastic cups and pipe cleaner. There is little value in what is provided.It is colorful on the package but inside, everything is black and white. Cheaply printed instructions and cards. Very little to keep one's interest.The Good:I can't really think of anything good about this. There are some ideas that are good, so it saves you from having to look on the internet.However, if you looked on the internet you'd find some experiments that are actually pretty cool, such as using lemon juice as an acid for secret messages, make eggshells soft by soaking in vinegar, what happens to milk when it curdles (lemon and milk, for example), the role of eggs in binding cakes, how water can make limp fresh greens firm again, ...This isn't worth the money and, frankly, isn't worth much at all.
I don't know why they made this boy's version of the klip klop horses toy not as fun as the girl's stable.  My son loved the display at the store and I thought the klip klop horses were really neat, however, I felt some kind of gender pressure to buy the knight version over the princess version just because he's a boy.  Then we decided to just get the princess stable anyway because who cares if it's pink when he enjoys playing with it.  The stable has more ramps, more detail, plus lights and sounds which he loves.  It really makes this knight one look boring.  I wish companies would consider boys like to have fun too!  I definitely recommend checking out the stable over this toy.
The doll is cute but only has two dresses to decorate so now we are done designing after playing for a half hour? I thought this was like the "old fashioned" 1970s fashion plates I had as a kid. It's not for use on paper just two dresses.  Now they want to charge me another $18.00 to get two more barbie dresses in the refill pack. Why aren't they washable so u can redecorate the dress?? (Like Inkoos). The novelty is sadly over now since my daughter designed her two dresses front and back.  Big let down. I can't see spending all that money for two "refill" dresses. I'd rather buy her a set of Barbie dresses for less money. Shame. &#128542;
love the item but package came crushed but since I order this as an extra - they will have the contents to add to their original gift .
This bow and arrow has little power to get the arrow moving.  I was not pleased with it. It may be good for a younger child, but for older ones there's absolutely no thrill.  I was surprised because it seems as though it could be very durable.
This game is coming to ps4, so i would wait. Plus it is horrible on xbox. I heard it runs great on PC and PS4.
its ok but super expensive. $25 for such a small ship that does not do much. most parts keep falling apart. My son played for 15 mins with this one and then he got bored with it.
The discs for this toy are powered by a handheld, flywheel-powered device. After about a dozen uses, the tiny plastic tab keeping the flywheel's spring in place broke after the first dozen uses.Checking with other parents, many had the same issue. The item cannot be repaired and the cheapest kit that replaces it costs about $10.Was it fun? Yes. For about ten minutes.
Sadly, my son received this as a birthday gift and LUCKILY the mother of this gift provided me with a gift receipt and I'm sooo thankful for that!  This is awful, it was the gift my son seemed to be the most excited about but the track it's like it wants to fall down and there aren't enough pieces like others have said.  I can't even get it to stand up straight.  I guess I will have to buy another one!
This should only be 5 dollars, why is it 40 bucks? its not like they could fly or anything. i dont understand
Deceptive in title and super bummed out when I got this, Fisher Price seems to be going all crazy with toys that hold Iphones. This is the second I've gotten and it's worse than the first since this is just a plastic case. I don't think the average parent lets their child use their phone on a regular or long term basis. I need my phone for my personal use more than my infant.
Never worked. Even bought replacement parts and charger of helicopter.  Wasted a lot of money, plus my grandson never got to play with his helicpoter.
While attempting to turn on the motor, my fingers got hit with the blades and it hurt me, so I can imagine how it would make a child feel.  It only operated for a few minutes, before needing to be recharged, and it didn't work the way it was supposed to.  There is no way I would let any young children anywhere near this toy.
This rainbow loom knock off promises 200 rainbow bands, 100 metallic bands, 100 tye dye bands, 100 glitter bands and 100 glow bands. I didn't count the bands, but they were all ordinary bands in a bag of mixed colors. I didn't expect much for the price, but I did expect what I had ordered. The difference wasn't noticed until it was in my granddaughter's hands, so there was no sending it back.
Ok so I thought buying this gift was a good idea.... Well lets see... the ting does stay flying very well... (when the rotors move)... sometimes the blades spin other times they dont move... its a pain in the butt...  And if you attempt to fly it outside a 1 mph wind will take it 20 ft away from you... also the range of the IR isnt far at all!!!&#62;
was sent 2 bags totalling approx 1000 bands. Not the 3 bags and 1800 advertised. not worth it to return, glad it was cheap.i actually bought this same item for my daughter not long ago - she opened the box so i cant comment on whether or not her order was correct. this recent one was for my son.other than that, quality seems to be fine, i havent heard any complaints regarding it.
